Aleksandra Kovač is part of the band K2 ( Kovac sisters duo ) .
John Madin was the architect of the building located at 103 Colmore Row . The building was completed in 1976 .
AFC stands for AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax . Its current membership is 53502 .
A Long Long Way , from Ireland , and published by Viking Press , was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The apoapsis for 1089 Tama is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and its escape velocity is 0 . 0068 kilometres per second .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party which uses the colour blue . He served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Evangelos Venizelos was Deputy . Samaras had been in office during the time Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport is situated 610 meters above sea level and its 3 , 500 meters long runway is called 14L / 32R .
The U . S . Army battled in the American Revolutionary War .
William Anders was an American born in British Hong Kong who served as part of NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew . Apollo 8 was commanded by Frank Borman , and also included Buzz Aldrin as a backup pilot .
NRBQ member , and country genre artist , Al Anderson , was born in the United States and began his career in 1966 . He is a former member of The Wildweeds .
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines , where English is spoken .
Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of Serie B .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell , of Static Caravan Recordings , is associated with Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band . O ' Donnell ' s career began in 1963 .
Anaheim is in Orange County , California and is led by the US House of Representatives in the US where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken .
English is the language of the United States and is also spoken in Great Britain . There is an ethnic group called Asian Americans and the title of the leader is the President . A good book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the U . S .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef and it ' s served as a soup course .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . The author , Eric Flint , was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce .
Attica , Indiana is in the United States , where the capital city is Washington DC .
Akeem Dent was born on 27 / 09 / 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia .
In the United States , the language is English , White Americans are an ethnic group and the book Alcatraz Verses the Evil Librarians was written .
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , the parent company of which is Wolters Kluwer .
The A - Rosa Luna was built in Rostock by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde . At 125800 . 0 millimetres long , the A - Rosa Luna has a top speed of 24 km / h and a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
The epoch of 1097 Vicia was on 13 January 2016 . It has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and its periapsis is 279142000000 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin . He was chosen by NASA in 1962 . He died in St . Louis .
Albert Jennings Fountain , was born in New York City and died in New Mexico Territory .
Austin is part of Travis County , in Texas , the capital city of that state is Houston .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt .
Bacon Explosion comes from the U . S . , its capital city being Washington D . C . ; Paul Ryan is a leader and one of its ethnic groups are African Americans .
Barny cakes are found in France , which hails leaders Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande . .
AZAL PFK ' s full name is AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu . They played in the Azerbaijan PremierLeague , 2014 – 15 and have 3500 members .
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana ( U . S . ) , the state that Anderson is a part of . This city , is led by the U . S . Democratic Party , which is chaired by Debbie Wasserman Schultz .
Lake Placid , and the city of Saranac Lake , ( both in New York ) are served by Adirondack Regional Airport . This airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a a runway length of 1 , 219 metres .
The U . S . is the origin of the ALVX - 1 and has the President as its leader .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is US Lesquin .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in Sidcup , London . London is governed by the UK Parliament and Boris Johnson is a leader .
A wizard of mars written in English spoken mostly in Great Britain was published in United States whose president is Barack Obama .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom , and has a 5 . 3 litre engine and a coupe body style . It is a related means of transportation with the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Albert Jennings Fountain died in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
American Civil War , Battle of Chancellorsville participant Alfred Moore Scales began his career 03 / 04 / 1875 . Abraham Lincoln was an American Civil War commander .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is part of the Qatar Stars League .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co . who manufactured the Acura TLX which has a V6 engine .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas , in Spain .
Shumai is a variation of Siomay .
The Dean of The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in Switzerland is Mario Botta . The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Rock musician Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit , Galactic and Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . The Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu is his political affiliation .
Audi who make the Audi A1 have Lamborghini as a subsidiary .
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte which is where Agnes Kant is from . Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands but the leader is Emile Roemer .
David Cameron is a leader in the United Kingdom where the dish Bacon sandwich , a variation of BLT , is from . Lettuce is one of the ingredients of the BLT sandwich which is a variation of a club sandwich .
Cubanelle is an ingredient in the Spanish dish of Arros negre .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix .
Aaron Turner performed with the band Sumac and with Old Man Gloom .
Two of the leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher , it is also where baked Alaska is from .
Andreas Vosskuhle is a leader in Germay .
The AMC Matador , which includes the 1974 model , was assembled in Thames , New Zealand and is relative to the AMC Ambassador .
Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are related forms of transportation .
Canada , which is led by Elizabeth II and has the Asian Canadians as an ethnic group , is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The Ataturk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 and made of Bronze .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Prior to his retiral he was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas where the largest city is Fort Worth .
Eric Flint was the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by his novel 1634 : The Baltic War .
Alan Shepard died in California on July 21st , 1998 .
Akeem Ayers was born on 10 July 1989 and began his career in 2011 . His debut team was the Tennessee Titans and he has also played for Los Angeles Rams .
The Aston Martin V8 , related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 , is assembled in Newport Pagnell . It has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , made by the company Aston Martin , .
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 kilometres per second . It has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport and has a runway length of 2989m .
83646315 is the LCCN number for Acta Mathematica Hungarica .
Adam McQuaid was born in 1986 .
Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A Heinlein and wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio in the United States , it ' s home to 200 public square .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , also known as Alfa Romeo 168 , is considered a mid - size luxury executive car and has a 2 . 5 litre engine .
Central Español play in the Uruguayan Segunda División league and Abel Hernandez previously played for their youth football team . He was also in the Uruguay Olympic team and is currently with the US Citta di Palermo club managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Retired Buzz Aldrin was once a crew member of Apollo 11 which NASA assigned him to and he was born on January 20th , 1930 .
Italy ' s capital is Rome and the spoken language is Italian . Amariciana sauce comes from Italy and one of its leaders is Matteo Renzi .
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region , Italy , and olive oil is one of its ingredients .
Buzz Aldrin is originally from Glen Ridge in New Jersey which is situated in the Essex County . Buzz Aldrin became a member of Apollo 11 ' s crew along with William Anders as backup pilot .
Frank de Boer plays for AFC Ajax .
Alberto Teisaire , whose party is Justicialist Party , worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Allama Igbal Internation airport is located in Lahore , Pakistan and run by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The length of the runway is 3310m and known as 18R / 36L .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and plays for the Soviet Union national football team . The club Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow .
Albert B . White was born , 22nd September , 1856 , in Cleveland .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español and later played for U . S . Città di Palermo , who are part of Serie A and are managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 . It has 100 staff and 600 students .
Alan Bean who was born in 1963 in Wheeler , Texas , graduated in 1955 and went on to become a crew member of Apollo 12 .
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds , built in 1913 in the style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " , is Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California ; and it has the reference number " 87000823 " in the National Register of Historic Places .
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is locatedd in Alagoas .
California , where one of the languages spoken is Chinese , includes Anaheim .
' A Loyal Character Dancer ' was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in hardcover .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan and has a straight - four engine .
English speaking Singapore , led by Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob , offers the dish Beef kway teow , also found in Indonesia .
David Cameron is the leader of the UK . The UK published the AIDS journal . London is the capital city of the UK . Lippincott , Williams and Wilkins published the AIDS journal . The parent company of Lippincott , Williams and Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer .
Disco music is the stylistic origin of hip hop which has a sub genre of Gangsta rap . Ace Wilder is an artist performing hip hop .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , which is in the Central Denmark region .
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender in the Italy national under - 17 football team . He also plays in Serie A with AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Oladipo Diya was the predecesso of Mike Akhigbe , who was the Vice President , while Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office .
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA ( abbreviated to A . C . Lumezzane ) has 4150 members .
Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department , contains pork belly .
English is spoken in the U . S . and among its cities are Albuquerque which is found in Bernalillo County , New Mexico and is led by the New Mexico Senate .
The power type of the AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , is the Caterpillar Inc . engine . Caterpillar , Inc . , where Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person , was founded in California and is located in Illinois .
Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Authority , is located in Pakistan . The name of the airport ' s runway is 18R / 36L and it is 3 , 310 long .
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from and people there are called Italians . The capital is Rome and the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella .
Affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , Cornell University in Ithaca New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . The president of the univesity is Elizabeth Garrett .
United States born Ahmet Ertegun died in New York City , which includes ethnic African Americans .
A bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . It is a dish from the U . K . An ingredient in the sandwich is bread .
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin as well as being a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club .
Bacon Explosion is a dish that originated from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States and includes the ingredients bacon and sausage .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associates with artists : Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi and Mark Sima . House music is the origin of trance .
The Scottish national under 21 football team coach is Ricky Sbragia .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and the ingredients include ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
James Craig Watson , whose Alma Mater was the University of Michigan , discovered 101 Helena . He was born in Canada but died in Madison , Wisconsin .
India with it ' s largest city of Mumbai and the river Ganges is also so home to the state of Kerala with the governor Kochi and to it ' s northwest Mahe , India . Kerala is also home to the AWH Engineering College .
Baked Alaska is made with Christmas pudding and comes from France and New York .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where the language is English and the African Americans are an ethnic group . English is also the language spoken in Great Britain .
Abdul Taid Mahmud , born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub ( in office during Vice President Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman ' s rule ) . Ya ' Kub ' s deputy was Stephen Yong Kuet Tzewas .
Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeler , Texas , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He became a test pilot before joining NASA in 1963 . He is now retired .
Gruppo Bertone is located in Italy .
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 4000 . 0 .
Adare Manor ' s was designed by Augustus Pugin . completed in 1862 but the building ' s start was in 1700 .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio , The Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party .
1101 Clematis , formerly known as " 1928 SJ " , has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km / sec , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See died in St . Louis .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland . Sami languages are spoken in Finland , where the demonym is Finns and Juha Sipila is a leader .
Aaron Hunt ' s previous clubs include VfL Wolfsburg and Hamburger SV .
The AMC Matador is equipped with an AMC V8 engine .
Italian is the language spoken in Italy where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
Alex Day , started performing folk music in 2006 and is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell . He plays with the band Chameleon Circuit .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Aabba City Hall are situated in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
The food Arros negre is from the Catalonia ( led by Carles Puigdemont ) region of Spain ( led by Felipe VI ) .
A - Rosa Luna is classed as a Cruise ship .
Auburn , Washington is part of the United States whose capital is Washington DC .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft located in Papenburg .
A . S . Livorno Calcio , has 19238 members , and has their home ground at the Stadio Armando Picchi .
Albert Jennings Fountain fought in battles in the American Indian Wars .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is VfL Wolfsburg and is managed by Dieter Hecking . He once played for the Hamburger SV that is part of the Bundesliga League .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and uses a 3 - speed automatic transmission . It has a station wagon style body and has the alternative name of Dodge Coronet .
The American Journal of Mathematics is published bi - monthly and abbreviated to Am . J . Math . It comes under the academic discipline of Math .
The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum , India , was established in 2000 . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault who are in season 2011 and have 3000 members .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 , was a member of the Apollo 14 crew and retired on 1st August 1974 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Stellendam was the birthplace of Ab Klink , who belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . The alma mater of Ab Klink is Erasmus University in Rotterdam , which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
The Acura TLX is mid - size class of car with a Honda K engine and an AWD vehicle layout . Its assembly line is located at the Marysville Auto Plant .
The Acharya Institute of Technology of Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was made by Abarth company , which was founded in Bologna .
Steve Bright created Bananaman which was first aired by the BBC on 3 October 1983 and starred Graeme Garden .
Akeem Priestley is in the Jackson Dolphins club and previously played for the club Sheikh Russel KC .
Founded by Charles Elkin Mathews , The Bodley Head published ' A Glastonbuy Romance ' .
Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 and is launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
Rome is the capital of Italy which is inhabited by Italians and where A . C . Lumezzane plays .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Italians live .
The asteroid 10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and has the epoch date 27th June 2015 .
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in California in the U . S . The AIDAluna incorporates their engine .
Abilene , is located in Taylor County , Texas , in the United States .
Tom Lyle and Gardner Fox created the comic book character of Blockbuster who has the alternative name of Roland Desmond .
New York City is the largest city in the United States . The country is also where Atlantic City ( part of Atlantic County , New Jersey ) , is located .
Washington Dc is the capital of the United States , home to 250 Delaware Avenue , and led by Barak Obama and Joe Biden .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a 2 door coupe with a straight - four engine .
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff , who won the Inkpot Award .
Completed in 1985 with 45 floors and 111484 square meters floor area , 200 Public Square can be found in Public Square , Cleveland .
The Tennessee Titans , based in Nashville , TN , was the debut team of Akeem Ayers . He also played for the St . Louis Rams under coach Jeff Fisher .
The AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague .
Alan B Miller Hall which is owned by the College of William and Mary was completed on 1 June 2009 and is located in Virginia .
Aaron S Daggett was born in Greene , Maine and died in Massachusetts . He took part in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and currently has a student body of 16000 .
Sergey Naryshkin is a key person at Sovcomflot , the operator of the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción .
Akeem Dent ' s first team were the Atlanta Falcons .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International , one of whose key people is Bill Marriott .
Alan Shepard who was born in New Hampshire on 18th November 1923 , died in California on 21st July 1998 .
Manuel Valls is the leader of France .
American , Abraham A . Ribicoff , was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , categorised as a historic district in the United States , is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield and has Frederick , Maryland as its nearest city .
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey in the U . S . A . The airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . The Atlantic City , New Jersey leader is Don Guardian .
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000 kilometres and a temperature of 156 . 0 kelvins .
Andrew White plays alternative rock which originated from funk and new wave music . Christian alternative rock is a subgenre of alternative rock and Nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
Bacon Explosion is from the United States , home of Asian Americans and the capital of Washington D . C .
Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D . C . ( United States ) and was born 1923 . Ahmet Ertegun performs rock and roll music and his background is non performing personnel .
Baked Alaska is from the United States .
One ingredient of a bacon sandwich is bread .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who worked as Nigerian Chief of Defence staff , was born in Minna and graduated from the Technical Institute Kaduna .
A . C . Chievo Verona played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
Boris Johnson is the leader of London , the city where 20 Fenchurch Street is located .
Bionico , that can be varied by using cottage cheese , is a dish served for dessert in Mexico . The leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the spoken language is Mexican Spanish .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 ; has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres , an epoch date of 2013 - 11 - 04 , and a mean temperature of 265 . 0 kelvins .
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach .
Thomas Pallesen is dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University where there is an academic staff of 737 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia he was succeeded by Raham Ya ' kub .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , Munster , County Limerick , which is governed by the Limerick City and County Council .
The AZAL PFK , with 3500 members , competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League , with championship team being Qarabag FK .
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government in the Flemish Region it is 12 metres above sea level and serves Antwerp .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome .
United States born Abraham A . Ribicoff died in New York .
Anderson , Indiana , is part of the Anderson Township , Madison County in Indiana , United States , and it has an area of 107 . 43 square kilometres with a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Garth Nix is the author of " Above the Veil , " ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
AEK Athens F . C . play in the Superleague Greece , the champions of which are , Olympiacos F . C .
With a 31 . 48 tax horsepower engine , the Alvis Speed 25 , has a transmission system which comprises of a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
Alex Day ' s genre is Synthpop which originated from Disco and is derived from New wave music .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England . He died circa 1944 in Sidcup , London .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a book from The United States , where English ( the language of Great Britain ) is spoken . The capital is Washington D . C . and one ethnic group is Native American .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force . The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
The Atlas II , comes from the United States and was manufactured by Lockheed Martin . The Atlas II was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish , which is similar to Shumai ( containing shiitake ) .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US where the White Americans are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
Born in Manitoba , Alex Plante played for Anyang Halla club .
Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D . C . is non performing personnel and he performs rock and roll music .
The main ingredients in the American dish Bacon explosion is bacon and sausage .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London , which is led by the European Parliament .
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey ' s headquarter is New York .
Nawaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore . The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States .
Buzz Aldrin won the Legion of Merit ribbon .
Ernie Colon , a Puerto Rican national , created Bolt .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark . The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . The Danish leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the Danish religion is Church of Denmark .
The University of Texas at Austin is an affiliate of the University of Texas system . Its mascot is Hook ' em , and the school will compete in the Big 12 Conference . A notable former student is Elliot See , who passed away in St Louis . St Louis is led by Francis G . Slay .
Denmark ' s School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737 people .
Alan Bean is a US national born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a test pilot and crew member of theApollo 12 , and he spent a total of 100305 minutes in space .
Jazz performer Alison O ' Donnell has been signed to the record labels Kissing Spell Records and Deram Records , which is located in London .
Ardmore Airport , located in New Zealand , uses Poaceae as its third runway surface type . Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids , a division of flowering plants .
Agra Airport , operated by the Indian Air Force , is found in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . The air force uses the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III as one of its transport planes and also the HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
Batagor , which is a variation of Shumai , is found in Indonesia . The main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara .
Arifin Zakaria is the name of the leader of Malaysia .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK where David Cameron was once the leader . Ketchup is a popular addition to the sandwich , of which the BLT and club sanwich are variations .
Alpharetta is part of Georgia ( U . S state ) .
Jefferson Davis was a commander during the American Civil War in which the Battle of Fredericksburg occurred . One of the participants in the battle was Alfred Moore Scales who came from the United States , a country where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Appletone International Airport city serves Appleton , Wisconsin , which is part of Kimberly and Grand Chute .
Richland Township is in Madison County , Indiana , U . S .
AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , based in the United States .
Asilomar Conference Grounds has the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement .
Gram flour is an ingredient of bhajji which are found in the Karnataka region .
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria .
The first club Jens Hartel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he currently plays for SV Babelsberg 03 . His club is Berliner AK 07 and he is manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell in the Derbyshire Dales region in 1820 . It ' s main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
The leader in Finland is Sauli Niinisto .
Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician .
Akeem Adams , who was born in Point Fortin , Trindad and Tobago , played for Ferencvarosi TC and T & TEC Sports Club .
The Aston Martin Virage and Aston Martin DBS are related modes of transportation . The Aston Martin V8 , which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , is assembled in Newport Pagnell , and features a 5 . 3 litre engine . Aston Martin DBS is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin .
Alan Shepard is an American astronaut born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire . He retired on August 1st 1974 and died in California .
Allen Forrest is also known as Matchstick , match , Allan , Forrester , Alan , Foster , Forest Matchstick and Matchstix . Je plays hip hop which has its origins in disco and funk and has a derivative in drum and bass .
The College of William and Mary own the Alan B . Miller Hall that was completed on June 1 , 2009 and is located in Virginia .
Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager of SV Werder Bremen .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al - Khor and AL Kharaitiyat Sports Clubs . The location of the Al - Khor sports club ground is in Al Khor .
Margrethe II is Queen of Denmark where Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region .
The journal Addiction had the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 .
United States national Elliot See was born in Dallas . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , an affiliation of the university of Texas system , and later served as a test pilot . He passed away in St . Louis .
The solo singer Alan Frew is from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada . He performs with the Glass Tiger band .
The bacon sandwich . which is found in the UK , has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . Bread is an ingredient of this sandwich , which is a variation on a BLT .
Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio and has 19238 members .
Born in Cleveland , Albert B . White ( spouse to Agnes Ward White ) , finished his career on March 4th 1905 .
The House of Representatives , forms part of the United States Congress , and leads Anaheim , California .
Anders was born in Campus Turzii in 1986 . She is a professional solo singer and performs Dance - pop music .
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge . He began his career on 5 May 2005 , serving in the military in the Grenadier Guards and also becoming a Member of Parliament .
N R Pogson was an English National who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He discovered 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain where an ethnic group is Spaniards and the leader is Felipe VI .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days .
The wheelbase of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé , is 2160 . 0 millimetres .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria - Hungary .
Albany , Oregon is 45 . 97 square kilometres , is 64 . 008 above sea level , and houses 1104 . 1 residents per square kilometre .
A Severed Wasp is in the English language is spoken in Great Britain . The book was written in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . It was created in the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , Derbyshire Dales in the 1820 ' s .
Seattle is the largest city in Washington state which is where Auburn is located within King County . The state is part of the United States which has Washington DC as its capital .
The United States includes the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Auburn in Lee County , Alabama .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the French language is spoken .
Abner W . Sibal was in WWII and one commander in that war was Chiang Kai - shek .
The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine of 4387 cubic centimeters .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who represents the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party , was born in Miri , Malaysia and lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Located in London , Polydor Records is the record label of musician Andrew White . His genre is alternative rock which has stylistic origins in Punk rock .
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages .
S . S . Robur Siena are champions of Serie D in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play . This latter club have their home ground in Italy where the capital city is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 .
Albert B . White , who was born in Cleveland , was the spouse of Agnes Ward White .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum . It was established in the year 2000 in the state of Karnataka and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Rolls Royce Power Systems is the parent co . of MTU Friedrichshafen who made an engine for the A - Rosa Luna .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Independence .
A Long Long Way ( written in Ireland ) was published by Viking Press and followed by The Secret Scripture . Ireland has the ethnic white group .
The apoapsis of 10 Hygiea is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 21km per sec .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore , it includes palm sugar as an ingredient .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the instrument called the bodhran .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay , which is considered a variation on shumai , which is considered to be a variation of Batagor .
The leader in Denmark , Known as Monarchy of Denmark , is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . In this country we can found the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , that is located in Aarhus city , which has to its northeast Mols .
A . S . Roma play at the Stadio Olimpico , have 70634 members and their full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A .
Alfred Garth Jones is from the UK , where the leader is Elizabeth II . He died in London .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine and is 125 . 8 metres in length .
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force which has Sadique Abubakar as commander . He was in office during the Vice Presidency of Mike Akhigbe who had succeeded Oladipo Diya . Abubakar was himself succeeded by Al - Amin Daggash , .
Dead Man ' s Plack is made from stone .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore which is in Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is the leader .
Ardmore Airport ' s ( New Zealand ) 3rd runway is made of Poaceae ( Class : Monocotyledon ; flowering plant Order : Commelinids ) .
Duncan Rouleau is American .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in the United Kingdom which is led by Elizabeth II . People from the United Kingdom are called British people .
Ahmet Ertegun , from the U . S . plays rhythm and blues music . That type of music came from blues . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
The Minotaur IV and Antares rockets were both launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Buzz Aldrin , also called Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . , was born on January 20 , 1930 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science and was selected by NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired .
Curitiba is located in Brazil .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank . He went on to play for Houston Texans who are based in Texas .
Vermont ' s Secretary of State and 3rd Congressional District representative Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont . He retired 03 / 03 / 1857 .
Established in 2000 , the Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pensylvania . It has a Contributing Property designation in Getysburg .
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon , where the largest city , in Benton , is Corvallis .
The Nigerian Air Force uses training aircraft Aermacchi MB - 339 and includes Abdulsalami Abubakar as a veteran . Abubaka held office during Vice President Mike Akhigbe ' s leadership . Akhigbe ' s was preceded by Oladipo Diya and succeeded Atiku Abubakar .
U . S . Città di Palermo play in the Serie A league .
In the United States one of the ethnic groups is the Native Americans and Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s nationality is American . He was born in Connecticut and his spouse was Casey Ribicoff .
Americans is the name given to the people who live in the United States , where English is spoken and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The US is home to Angola , which is a city in Indiana .
Basil can be included in Arrabbiaita sauce .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas U . S .
Alan Martin ( footballer ) is 185 . 42 centimetres tall .
Central Español play in the Uruguayan Segunda División league .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is one of the Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows constructed in 1913 in Pacific Grove , California .
The AZAL PFK competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League and play their home matches at the AZAL Arena .
A . F . C . Blackpool , full name Association Football Club Blackpool , plays at the Mechanics and has 1500 members . They competed in the 2014 season .
With a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre . Atlanta covers an area of 344 . 9 square kilometres , yet has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
Synthpop musician Alex Day was born in the U . K . , with its capital of London . Synthpop originates from house and New wave music .
Amarillo is 1099 m . above sea level , has an area of 233 . 9 sq . kms . , 746 people per sq . km and is located within Potter County , Texas .
Rock musician Alan Frew comes from Canada , where the French language is spoken . Rock music has its origins in folk music and a musical fusion of rock is bhangra music .
Located in New Jersey , in the United States , is Egg Harbor Township where the Atlantic City International Airport is . This airport has a runway length of 1873 . 0 metres .
Italian born Rolando Maran now plays at the Carrarese Calcio . He previously managed AC Chievo Verona and used to be at the Varese Calcio SSD .
Daniel Gould Fowle succeeded Alfred Moore Scales . Mr . Scales alma mater was the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico which is part of the U . S . where people speak English . The city is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives and its leader is Richard J . Berry .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S which has a President as the leader . The capital of the country is Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans .
Bakewell pudding can be served freshly baked ( warm ) or served cold .
Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , where Washington , D . C . is the capital . In the United States , Atlantic City , is part of New Jersey , where the largest city is Newark .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the leader is known as the President .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US where the population is made up of Americans and the capital city is Washington DC . The country is the origin of the Atlas II .
Floating World Records and folk artist Alison O ' Donnell began performing in 1963 and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force . He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President . Atiku Abubakar succeeded Mike Akhigbe .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am . J . Math ) is published bi - monthly with its discipline being Math . It has an ISSN number of 0002 - 9327 .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is a popular tourist destination in Belgium . One of the languages spoken in Belgium is German , and the leader is Charles Michel .
Buzz Aldrin , born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , in the USA , is now retired .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and died in Styria . Doris Bures leads Austria where Austrian German is spoken .
Alan Frew , Canadian , plays rock music . French is spoken in Canada . Bhangra music is a fusion of rock .
Indonesia is the country Asam pedas comes from .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , the home of the Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) . The monument was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir .
AC Chievo Verona ' s home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and they have 39371 members .
Agnes Kant ' s country is the Netherlands .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , it is 211m above sea level .
Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and their president is Elizabeth Garrett . They are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of American Universities .
Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , publishes Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities .
Paraguay born Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion , which forms part of Gran Asunción . Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay .
Alison O ' Donnell does jazz music with the Mellow Candle band and was a member of the band called the Flibbertigibbet .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Armin van Buuren and Bobina . He plays House music .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , a courtyard led by Doris Bures . Gorbach was born in Imst and died in Graz .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States .
Antioch is part of California where Spanish is one of the spoken languages .
Alaa Abdul Zahra , who previously played for the club Duhok SC now plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC whose homeground is Al Khor .
The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation .
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA , and has a runway length of 2744 .
Uttar Pradesh is part of Bundelkhand .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) originates from the country of the Andalusia region of Spain . Olive oil is an ingredient .
Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 at the Guiana Space Centre .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia .
Akeem Priestley ' s youth club was Harbour View FC and he now plays for Dayton Dutch Lions and the Jamaican national football team .
The Minotaur V and the Antares rocket were launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Allen Forrest is a solo singer .
The celestial body known as 103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 k . p . s .
The Bacon Explosion has its origins in the United States . The U . S . is led by Paul Ryan and the President , hails Washington D . C . as its capital and includes the ethnic African Americans .
The solo singer Andra ' s genre is Rhythm and blues , of which Funk is a derivative .
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League . It is in this league , that the 3500 member strong , AZAL PFK competes in and played in , in 2014 - 15 .
Lahore is in Pakistan .
Steel Azin FC is in Iran ' s Footaball 3rd Division .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The Alvis Speed 25 , which has a 4387 . 00 cc engine , was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by The Rover Co .
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season and has 1500 members . Their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . The Institute , which was established in 2000 , has 700 postgraduate students and the director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The epoch date of 1907 Vicia is December 31 , 2006 , it has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 , a periapsis of 279142000000 , and the escape velocity is 0 . 0112 km per sec .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the battle of Baku .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Putrajaya and where Arifin Zakaria is the leader .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where english is spoken as it is in Great Britain .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which was part of the American Civil War . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in that war .
Barack Obama is leader of the United States , home to the dish Bacon Explosion . African Americans are an ethic group in the United States , where Washington DC is the capital and the leader has the title President .
The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in the city of Mendrisio in 1996 . The Accademia is led by Dean Mario Botta and there are 600 students .
Barry Ferguson is the manager of Clyde F . C .
Aaron Deer is a musician for the band John Wilkes Booze .
Chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken , which in turn is the main ingredient in Ayam penyet . This dish comes from both Singapore and Java ( where the ethnic people are the Javanese ) .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns , who performs house music .
Akeem Dent was born in 1987 .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is VfL Wolfsburg and played for the SV Werder Bremen II in the 3 . Liga . Dieter Hecking manages VFL Wolfsburg .
William Anders serves as Ambassador to Norway in the United States .
The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico , U . S . is led by Richard J . Berry . African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , where English is spoken .
The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6 which starred Ryan Potter .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country which is inhabited by Italians , where the language spoken is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Addis Ababa city hall is located in the city of Addis Ababa which is in the country of Ethiopia .
66391 199 KW4 has an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) .
Netherlands based Agnes Kant worked as a member of the House of Representatives . She was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and studied at Radboud University Nijmegen .
Born in Stellendam , Ab Klink , whose alma mater is Leiden University , belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Auburn is part of both Auburn and King ( largest city is Seattle ) counties , which are located in Washington . The capital of the United States is Washington D . C .
Baked Alaska is a dessert as is sandesh . It is found in the U . S . , one of whose native groups are the Native Americans .
The United States Air Force has the Lockheed AC - 130 , an attack aircraft , and the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III , a transport aircraft . It also has the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon which is an aircraft fighter . The Operation , Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force which operates Al Asad airbase .
The dish of ajoblanco is from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 in the Arts and Crafts Movement architectural style and located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 27 , 1987 , has the reference number 87000823 .
Born on January 2 1930 in Glen Ridge , NJ , Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Press . The national language of the United States is English . One of the ethnic groups in the U . S . are Asian Americans and many people from this background reside there .
The length of the first runway at Angola International Airport is 13 , 123 feet , the airport is 159m above sea level .
Alison O ' Donnell performs folk music and is signed to Floating World Records . She began her career in 1963 and has played in the Flibbertigibbet band and mellow Candle .
Two of India ' s leaders are Narendra Modi and T S Thakur . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in the country .
Rolando Maran is attached to AC Chievo Verona .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for both FC Dinamo Batum and FC Samtredia . The latter , play their home games at the Erosi Manjgaladze stadium .
Governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The airport ' s runway is named 18R / 36L and is 2900 . 0 in length .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in and became Mayor of Stamford in the state of Connecticut .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and the FC Spartak Moscow club .
Sweet potato is of the order Solanales .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which also uses the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon aircraft .
The House of Representatives forms part of the United States Congress .
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines that contains sweet potato and taro .
Aleksandra Kovac , a solo pop singer , is associated with musicians Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac .
Forth Worth is the county seat of Tarrant County in Texas , where Arlington is located .
AGR is the IATA location identifier for Agra Airport which is located in Uttar Pradesh .
John Cowper Powys , author of A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle ( in that order ) , was born in Shirley , Derbyshire .
The native americans are an ethnic group in the United States of America . The country is the location of Atlanta , part of DeKalb County in Georgia .
Tirstrup is located in the country of Denmark .
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine manufactured by Honda .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state , Tyrol in Austria and died in Graz .
The DeSoto is related to the Dodge Coronet , and the 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation .
Gus Poyet is associated with the Real Zaragoza football club and manages AEK Athens FC . They play in the Superleague Greece alongside Olympiacos FC who are previous champions .
Sago and Sweet potato are ingredients in Binignit . Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of flowering plants .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA ; has a mass of 4 . 0 kilograms , an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 , and a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 .
Bacon Explosion are from the United States , which is led by Barack Obama and has Native Americans as an ethnic group .
AFC Fylde has the ground Kellamergh Park and also has 3180 members .
Adams County , Pennsylvania which lies east of Franklin County , south of Cumberland County , northwest of Carroll County , Maryland and northeast of Frederick County , is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States .
1 FC Magdeburg , with 27250 members , is in the 3 Liga league and was in Regionalliga in 2014 .
Akeem Ayers ' former team , the Los Angeles Rams , are based in LA . , and play at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Aleksandr Chumakov was in the Torpedo Moscow FC whose chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester ( which has the Labour Party as leader ) and died in London .
Robert E . Lee was a commander at the Battle of Gettysburg .
Walter Baade , a graduate from University of Gottingen , discovered 1036 Ganymed , and died in West Germany .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Mamnoon Hussain is a leader .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and his alma mater is The Technical Institute , Kaduna . He was employed as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff . Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubaka .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba , part of the South Region in Brazil .
Aaron Bertram , of the musical genre Ska punk , plays for the Suburban Legends band and the band Kids Imagine Nation .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove , California and it was constructed in 1913 . Its architecture is of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " . It has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places .
The footballer Abner plays for Coritiba Football Club and the Brazil national under - 17 football team .
The Bhajji originates from Karnataka , India where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of the Indian people .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the peso and a leader is Enrique Pena Nieto .
The orbital period of 15788 1993 SB is 7729430000 . 0 and it was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons . The epoch date is 6 Marcy 2006 and it has a periapsis of 3997100000000 .
Guiana Space Centre was the launch site of the Ariane 5 which was manufactured by Arianespace and had its final flight on 27th September , 2003 .
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures distributed the movie Big Hero 6 which starred Maya Rudolph . Baymax is a character in this film .
The Administrative Science Quarterly ( ISSN number 0001 - 8392 ) is abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . It has an LCCN number of 57059226 .
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the university of Texas system and part of the big 12 conference . He passed away on Feb 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire , and wrote Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance .
Ajoblanco , a member of the Rosaceae family , includes the ingredient , almond .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala India currently has 250 staff . Kerala ' s leader is named Kochi and a famous river in the country is the Ganges .
0 . 0155 kilometer per second is the escape velocity of 1099 Figneria , which has an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 kms .
Albuquerque is a city in New Mexico of the U . S . A . , and is led by the New Mexico Senate where John Sanchez is leader .
Aleksandra Kovač ' s musical genre is Pop which is a fusion genre of disco .
103 Colmore Row , located in Birmingham has 23 floors .
A Netherlands national , Agnes Kant , held office in the Socialist Party of the Netherlands . The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres and the orbital period of 1513 . 722 days .
Atlas II has a diameter of 3 . 04m .
The 3Arena is located in Dublin , which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as a member of the House of Representatives .
Birminham , which has the B postcode , is led by Labour politician John Clancy and the Birmingham City Council . It is the home town of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Alison O ' Donnell , formerly of the Flibbertigibbet band , is associated with Plastik Mak .
Austin is part of Williamson County , Texas .
Delta II , manufactured by United Launch Alliance and from the United States , is comparable to the Antares rocket .
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry and fought in the American Civil War , where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Milan ' s saint is Ambrose and the city is the assembly point for the Alfa Romeo 164 - a related type of transport to the Lancia Thema .
The name of the leader in Germany is Joachim Gauck .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States . The country where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and where the leader is called the President of the United States .
The Alhambra , built by the Samuda Brothers , has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type .
American , Abraham A . Ribicoff , is a member of the Democratic Party in the U . S . A .
Alessio Romagnoli , who has represented the club U . C . Sampdoria , was a member of the Italian national under 17 football team , coached by Alessandro Dal Canto .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonian region of Spain . The leader of the country is Felipe VI .
250 Delaware Avenure is located in Buffalo , New York ; which is led by Byron Brown .
The United States is home to the capital Washington DC and the ethnic group of African Americans . Amarillo which is part of Randall County in Texas , is found in the US .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , in the Akita Prefecture in Japan , a country with the ethnic group of the Vietnamese people .
Alan Shepard retired on Aug 1 , 1974 .
Albert B White was born 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
John Buscema ' s nationality is American .
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C is from Brazil .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion which is part of Gran Asunción . He passed away in Paraguay whose leader is called Juan Afara .
Ernie Colón and the American Paris Cullins were among the creators of the comic book character Bolt , also known as Larry Bolatinsky .
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Rhythm and blues solo singer Andra is from Romania and is a Reality tv judge .
Auburn in Lee County Alabama , is part of the U . S . which is also home to African Americans .
Asser Levy Public baths are located in Brooklyn , New York City , United States .
4000ft is the runway length at Angola International Airport .
William Anders joined NASA in 1963 , is an American and was born in British Hong Kong .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia , United States . Washington D . C . is the capital of the country and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
The A - Rosa Luna was built in Germany .
1080 is the EISSN number for the American Journal of Mathematics .
The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there . Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia and they speak English .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc , who are located in Peoria , Illinois . The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises .
103 Hera , has a periapsis measurement of 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . Its epoch is on 27 August 2011 and it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
The creator of the comic character , Bolt , is Paris Cullins , A United States national .
Arlington , Tarrant County is in Texas , which has its largest city as Houston , and is located in the United States .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , in the city of Bangalore , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Bundelkhand which is oprated by Indian Air Force who uses Hal Light Combat Helicopers .
Atlas II originates from the United States which uses the English language and is led by the President . The country ' s capital is Washington DC and includes the Native Americans in their ethnic groups .
Switzerland with the governor Johann Schneider - Ammann is also home to the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is located in the city of Mendrisio in the Ticino region . It was founded in 1996 and has 600 students .
Rhythm and blues singer Allen Forrest is a solo performer . R and B came from the blues and later gave rise to funk .
Staten Island , in the United States , was the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain , who died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Abradab performs hip hop music . The genre has its origins in Jazz and Funk and has Gangsta rap as a sub genre . Drum and bass is derived from hip hop .
The Aston Martin Virage , which succeeded the V8 , and the Aston Martin DBS are similar vehicles .
Abner W . Sibal , who was born on 4 November 1921 , was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Baked Alaska is from France ( leader Manuel Valis ) but is also served in Hong Kong ( leader Carrie Lam ) where they speak Chinese .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and owned by the Flemish region . It has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
Aaron Deer plays Indie Rock keyboard and is signed to Kill Rock Stars based in Portland , Oregon . Indie rock has origins in Garage rock .
The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Taquirari .
Alan Bean was a United States national . His Alma mater was UT Austin and he graduated with a B . S . in 1955 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 . He is now retired .
The founder of The Bodley Head is Charles Elkin Mathews .
Saranac Lake , New York is part of Essex County , New York .
Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University where Elizabetth Garrett is the president .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit . The creator of Baymax is the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Anderson , Anderson Township , Madison County and Indianapolis ( capital ) are part of Indiana in the United States .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas ( Spain ) where the leader party is the Peoples Party .
The United States its formed by 50 states , one of them is Oregon and its city is Albany . The Capital of this contry its Washington DC and the americans together with the Native Americans ( ethnic group ) its spoken english .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages . It was published in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Athens International Airport , serving the city of Athens , Greece has a leader of Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and is married to Ruth Ribicoff .
A Long Long Way , preceded by Annie Dunne , was published in print & paperback . Its OCLC number is 57392246 .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and his alma mater was Erasmus University Rotterdam . Mr . Klink worked as the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in Netherlands and belonged to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Akeem Dent debuted with Atlanta Falcons and also played for Houston Texans .
Americans and Native Americans are people living in the United States and Albuquerque , New Mexico is a location .
On 6 March 2006 Donal O ' Ceallaigh discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 SB , which has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 . .
Attica , Indiana covers an area of 4 . 14 sq km and has 783 . 1 inhabitants for each of those square kilometres .
The Bacon Explosion originates from the Kansas city metropolitan area of the US and includes sausage among it ' s ingredients .
Above the Veil contains 248 pages .
Alessio Romagnoli , who used to represented the club U . C . Sampdoria , is now with AC Milan . Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A . C . Milan which is managed by , Siniša Mihajlović .
1001 Gaussia has a rotation period of 33012 . 0 .
Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader of Malaysia .
French is a language spoken in New York which is where Albert Jennings Fountain was born . He battled in the American Civil War , the conflict which Abraham Lincoln was a commander in .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain and the main ingredients are Bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak where he now lives . He attended the University of Adelaide and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Michele Marcolini club is A . C > Chievo Verona .
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is in the class Monocotyledon . Alderney airport is made from Poaceae .
SLK is the I . D . of the Adirondack Regional Airport which is 507 metres above sea level .
The epoch date of 109 Felicitas , which has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 , is 31 December 2006 .
The capital of Italy is Rome .
The nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick , Maryland .
Christmas pudding can be an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States .
The Olympic Stadium is in Athens .
The city of Anaheim is located in Orange County which is part of the Greater Los Angeles area in California in the United States . It has a total area of 131 . 6 sq km . The U . S . is led by the President of the United States .
The Azerbaijan legislature is the National Assembly and the leader of the country is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade . The capital city is Baku and is the location of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Honda makes the Acura TLX which has a Honda K engine and is related to the Honda Accord .
Eric Flint ( born in Burbank , California ) is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion . Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States . The country where the capital is Washington D . C . It is also the country where Albany , Oregon is located .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Ashgabat and their hub airport at Turkmenbashi International Airport .
The Antares ( rocket ) made the last flight on 2014 - 07 - 13 .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made from asphalt which is 497 . 0 in length .
The book A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xialong and has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
The Alhambra , has a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and its ship beam is 8 . 3m . Its top speed is 18 . 52 and it is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a mass of 8 . 3kgs .
3 Arena is located in Dublin ( in the Republic of Ireland ) which is a part of Leinster .
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars and with the musical artist Billy Iuso .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 degrees Celsius .
Arlington is part of Texas , in the United States , where they speak English .
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin , whose birthplace is Bloomsbury .
Adam Koc , who fought in World War I was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
The code for Administrative Science Quarterly is ASCQAG .
The leader of the United States is called the President of the United States .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , his leader is Enda Kenny . Irish people are the inhabitants and they speak English language . The currency is the euro .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock and he plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs .
Akeem Dent ' s first team were the Atlanta Falcons who play in Atlanta .
Barny cakes are made with sponge cake .
Disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music which is the musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemunde and is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine . It has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes , a top speed of 24 km / h and has a total length of 125800 . 0 mms .
Adam Maher was born in Diemen and he is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club but his club is PSV Eindhoven .
Aaron Deer is American .
Alan Shepard ' s birth place was New Hampshire .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and after joing NASA in 1963 as part of the Apollo 8 crew , he retired on September 1st , 1969 . Anders was a test pilot who in 1962 graduated with a M . S . from AFIT .
The paperback Aenir has a total of 233 pages and was written by Garth Nix .
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . It originates from the United States .
James Pain and George Richard Pain are the architects of the Adare Manor , completed in 1862 .
Alan Frew , a musician with the Glass Tiger band , comes from Newmarket , Ontario , in Canada .
The dessert of bionico contains raisins and can be varied by adding cottage cheese .
Albennie Jones is a performer of rhythm and blues which is a music genre which has a disco derivative .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District , in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka . The hospital ' s bed count is 476 .
Ace Wilder ' s musical genre is Hip hop , which originated from funk music and has a sub genre called Gangsta rap .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London .
Alex Tyus , who was born on 8 January 1988 and his club is Maccabi Tel Aviv BC .
Adisham Hall , Haputale , Sri Lanka was built in Tudor Revival style and finished in 1931 .
Abradab is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 .
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors is Bella Center and the tenant is Marriott International .
A cookie is a dessert and so is binignit , a dish from the Philippines , where Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups .
A bacon sandwich , which contains kethup , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . It comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT .
Alberto Teisaire is a member of the Justicialist Party .
Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico , where the leader is is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the food found there is Bionico .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . Its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone and founded in Turin . Gruppo Berone was founded by Giovanni Bertone and is an Italian company .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Blackpool F . C .
Dublin is Ireland ' s largest city .
Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia .
Angola International airport is located at 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , and serves the city of Luanda .
The architect B V Doshi designed Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
The Akita Museum of Art at 142 Nakadori has 3 floors with a total area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
Albany is located in Georgia in the U . S . Americans live in that country and English is the language spoken there . African Americans are one ethnic group in the United States .
Randall County is in Texas , in the United States .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor where Robert E Lee was the commander .
The Delta II , which is comparable to the rocket Antares , originated in the United States and launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and worked as a Test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1962 .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US , where Washington D . C . is the capital city and the Star Spangled Banner the national anthem . The leader of the United States is the President of the United States . and Asian Americans are one of its ethnic groups .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from poaceae , Poaceae is the order of Commelinid .
Asterix was created by Rene Goscinny , who is a frenchman .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS ( manufactured by Aston Martin ) are a related means of transport .
Amatriciana sauce comes from the region of Lazio , Italy . Tomatoes , guanciale , Pecorino Romano cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients .
Binignit includes sweet potato and ( as a main ingredient ) , taro .
The epoch date for ( 66391 ) 199 KW4 is July 14 , 2004 . Its escape velocity is 0 , has a peripsis of 29919600000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km .
The ISSN number for the Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 1732 - 2421 .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada , which is led by Elizabeth II and where Black Canadians are one of the ethnic groups .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician and electric guitar player who played for Old Man Gloom and Sumac . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
66391 199 KW4 has an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) and an average speed of 37 . 16 kilometres per second .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , ( dean Mario Botta ) , based in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland has 600 students and was established in 1996 . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The number of post graduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology is about 700 .
The USA is both the home to the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion and the African American ethnic groups .
Rome is the Birthplace of Juan Carlos I of Spain , whose predecessor was Alfonso XIII of Spain . Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain which was also when Felipe González was Prime Minister .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Baku , Azerbaijan , where Artur Rasizade is leader , was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 and is located in India . It currently has 250 members of staff .
Cornell University is situated in Ithaca , New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . It was responsible for publishing Administrative Science Quarterly .
Akeem Adams , who represented the Trinidad and Tobago national under 17 football team , has played for the club Ferencvarosi TC .
Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which hails from Hong Kong but the countries of France , United States and China all claim to have invented the dish .
09R / 27L is the runway name at Al Asad airbase .
The UK dish of bacon sandwiches , ( ingredients include condiments ) , are also called bacon butty , rasher sandwich , piece ' n bacon , bacon barm , bacon sanger , bacon sarnie and bacon muffin .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome and it ' s leader is Pietro Grasso .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States and the governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B . White who succeeded William M . O . Dawson , born in Bloomington , Maryland .
Alex Tyus is in the Euroleague and his club is Maccabi Tel Aviv BC , which is coached by Zan Tabak .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s genre is folk rock .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Nawaz Sharif .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia .
Bakso is popular all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries .
The Alliant Techsystems produces the XM25 - CDTE .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines and is in Turkmenistan . The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport which is in Ashgabat .
Designed by Augustus Pugin , the Adare Manor in County Limerick was completed in 1862 .
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington D . C . and died in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students .
A main ingredient of the Bacon Explosion is sausage . It also contains bacon and is served as a main course .
A Severed Wasp is a novel from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the Derbyshire Dales that can be served warm or cold . It has the main ingredients of almond , jam , butter and eggs .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , in which disco was derived from .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Atlanta covers an area of 347 . 1 sq km and has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per sq kilometre .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
A variation of the BLT , the bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and can contain brown sauce .
Formerly a member of The Wildweeds , Al Anderson plays the guitar in the NRBQ band which plays rock music .
Thomas Pallesen is Dean at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark . The school was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff members and 16000 students .
Alligator Records , based in Chicago , is associated with the Blues and is the record label of Anders Osborne . Anders Osborne has worked with Tab Benoit and his record label is Rabadash Records .
Chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken . Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish , from Singapore , called Ayam Penyet .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Auburn is located in Alabama .
Adam McQuaid is 1 . 9558 metres in height and was born on Prince Edward Island on 12 October 1986 .
Albany is located in Dougherty County , Georgia , in the United States . The country ; where Americans live , African Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and the leader , is called the President of the United States .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , in Steuben County , in the United States . The country where the inhabitants are known as Americans , and where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the county of Tyrol , which is located in Austria .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa which is led by Jacob Zuma . The capital city is Cape Town and the coloured people are one of the ethnic groups .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis , which has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms , is December 31st , 2006 . Its escape velocity is . 02 kilometres per second , its orbital period is 183 , 309 , 000 kilometres and its has an periapsis of 445 , 895 , 000 , 000 kilometres .
Walter Baade , who had a doctoral student called Halton Arp , was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed . He was born in the German Empire , graduated from the University of Gottingen and later died in West Germany .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leader and the capital is Washington DC . The English language is used in the United States and Native Americans are an ethnic group there .
Succeeded by Price Daniel , Allan Shivers was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was Lieutenant Governor of Texas .
An ingredient of Ajoblanco , which is from Andalusia , is garlic .
The United States , where the English language is spoken , include the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is the location of Albuquerque in New Mexico .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States , where White Americans are one of the ethnic groups . It is also where the Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem .
The current club that Adam Mayer plays for is PSV Eindhoven .
Jean - Michel Aulas is the chairman of Olympique Lyonnais .
1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 Kilometers .
The American Journal of Math EISSN number is 1080 .
Part of Fulton County , Alpharetta , is in Georgia , in the United States .
William Anders is a US national who was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933 and retired on 1 January 1969 .
Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow , which was the youth football club of Aleksandr Prudnikov , whose club is now , Sparta Prague .
Bakso , which has ground beef in it , is a dish from the country of Indonesia .
The dish Arem arem originates from Indonesia , more specifically Java . Indonesia ' s leader ' s name is Joko Widodo . and the currency is the rupiah . The language is Indonesian .
Alvah Sabin was a Baptist .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members .
In the United States , English is the language spoken and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans . It is also the country where A Fortress of Grey Ice is from .
The creators of the comic character , Bolt , were Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand which is located 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . The runway at the airport is named 03R / 21L and is 597 . 0 in length .
Asam pedas is from Indonesia and Malaysia .
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom .
Operated by the United States Air Force , Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway that is 3090 metres long .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms .
The full name of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S . p . A . and their hone ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi . The club has 19238 members and played in the 2014 season .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where many people are Asian American and English ( language of Great Britain ) is largely spoken .
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia and the Addis Ababa Stadium can also be found there . The leaders of Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn .
Aarhus Airport in Denmark has a runway named 10L / 28R which is 2777 . 0 metres long . The airport , which lies 25 metres above sea level , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S .
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of the Atlas II , the launch site of which , was the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
Aaron Turner ' s music is Post - metal and he plays the electric guitar .
Akeem Adams was a member of United Petrotrin F . C . , whose ground is Palo Seco . He plays for T & TEC Sports Club .
Turkey ' s capital is Ankara though its largest city is Istanbul . The Leader Of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoğlu and the currency is the Turkish Lira . İzmir in Turkey is where you will find the Atatürk Monument .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City , which contains Brooklyn and is part of New Netherland .
The Alhambra had the length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 8 . 3m . It has a top speed of 18 . 52 and was built by the Samuda Brothers .
The Aston Martin Vantage succeeded the Aston Martin DBS which is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin . The Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J V Jones , is available in print with the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
Created by George Brenner , the full name of Bozo the Iron Man is " Hugh Hazzard " .
Cubanelle is an ingredient in arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain .
Canadian , James Craig Watson ( 103 Hera discoverer ) , died from peritonitis .
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , a dish from the Antioquia Department region , in Colombia .
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is 211 m above sea level .
Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q .
The US town of Arlington is found in the state of Texas , where the capital is Austin .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States . English is the language spoken in the United States and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
11 Diagonal Street was built in 1978 .
Alberto Teisaire , who was from Argentina ( where they speak Spanish ) , died in Buenos Aires . Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires .
The Addiction Journal is published by Wiley - Blackwell and is abbreviated to Addiction . The ISSN number is 1360 - 0443 and the LCCN number is 93645978 .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 and located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California , has the reference number 87000823 in the the National Register of Historic Places .
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia and has been the manager of A C Cesena .
Elliot See , who was born in Dallas ( Collin County , Texas ) , has died .
Alexandria is part of Indiana , where the capital is Indianapolis .
Alison O ' Donnell , a folk rock musician , is signed with Deram Records and Static Caravan Recordings . Deram Records is in London .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in the County of Tyrol .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and Alpharetta is located in Georgia .
Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago .
Attica in the state of Indiana is in Fountain County , Indiana . Attica , Indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres , is 166 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The 1955 Doge is also called the Dodge Suburban .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and has the main ingredients of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer .
The A Rosa Luna was built at the Neptun Werft in Germany .
Ab Klink worked at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in Netherlands .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . It has the ISSN number 1865 - 8784 and the abbreviation of Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . .
Batagor is a a dish from the country Indonesia . Other variations of the dish include Shumai and Siomay . The main ingredients are peanut sauce , fired fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables .
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion ( part of Gran Asuncion ) .
1089 Tama has the temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins .
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines .
Colombian Bandeja pasta includes the component , black pudding .
Beef kway teow is a dish served in Indonesia and is from Singapore , where Tony Tan is a leader .
Abradab plays Hip Hop music . That type of music has its styles in Jazz and Funk music .
Lemon comes from the plant order Sapindales and is an ingredient in the dish Banjeda paisa .
The Vandenberg Air Force Base is located in Lompoc , California .
The jurisdiction of the Flemish Government is the Flemish Region .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina .
The California State Assembly is located in Anaheim , California , where Chinese language is also spoken .
Corcouronnes based Arianespace operates the ELA - 3 launchpad from which the Ariane was launched .
Cornell University in the state of New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly .
Aaron Turner played for Old Man Gloom and he also performed with the band Sumac .
1001 Gaussia ' s epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 and its former name was 1923 OAA907 XC . It has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days and a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
Denmark uses the Danish language and is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup located in the Central Denmark region .
In the season 2014 - 2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League .
Aaron Turner is an exponent of Doom metal .
The runway name at Allama Iqbal International airport is 18L / 36R .
The United States , with its capital in Washington D . C . , is home to Asian Americans and the origin of ALV X - 1 .
Harvard University is A . T . Charlie Johnson ' s almaMater .
Sauli Niinisto is a leader in Finland .
The United States capital is Washington D . c . and its national anthem is Star Spangled Banner . It is home to African Americans and the origin of the ALV X - 1 .
Established in 1928 and with a staff of 737 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark has a latin name of Universitas Aarhusiensis and is affiliated with the European University Association .
The AIDAstella is 253260 . 0mm long with a 32 . 2 length ship beam . Its maiden voyage was 3 / 17 / 2013 .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is a leader of Denmark which is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , a tenant of the Marriott International Hotel .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont and ended his political career are March 3rd , 1857 .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was at Drogheda United F . C . is a member of the Chesterfield F . C . and now manages A . F . C . Blackpool .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , the leader there is Ram Naik .
The All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai .
Taro is the main ingredient of Binignit , along with sweet potato . The dish is found in the Philippines .
Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and he was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Daniel Gould Fowle is the successor to Alfred Moore Scales , the alma mater of whom , was the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511592000 . 0 km it has an average speed of 17 . 92 kilometres per second .
The abbreviation of the Administrative Science Quarterly is Admin . Sci . Q . and it has the LCCN number 57059226 as well as the ISSN number 0001 - 8392 .
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore , where Beef kway teow originates from . It is a dish which can also be found in indonesia .
Abilene is part of Texas , United States .
The bacon sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
AFC Blackpool has 1500 members and their ground is located in Blackpool . The fullname of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool . They played in season 2014 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in the New Mexico Territory .
The Akita Prefecture is located in Japan .
Allen Forrest ' s genre of music is Rhythm and Blues ; which originated from the blues and has the derivative , Funk .
William Anders is the United States Ambassador to Norway .
Alex Tyus played for Anadolu Efes SK in the Euroleague .
Luanda is served by Angola International Airport located in Icole e Bengo . The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 .
Alfredo Zitarrosa death place was in Montevideo , Uruguay . The leaders of Uruguay are Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Tabaré Vázquez , and its national anthem is the National Anthem of Uruguay .
The comic character Asterix , sometimes called Astérix , was created by Rene Goscinny .
Angola in Indiana is in the U . S . and one ethnic group in that country is Asian Americans .
Jens Härtel played for RB Leipzig .
Anaheim , California is led by the California State Assembly , which is part of the California State Legislature .
With a temperature of 155 kelvins , 1101 Clematis , has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second , and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930 .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 1930 . After graduating from MIT , ScD in 1963 he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 .
The capital of the United States is Washington DC . Texas is one of the country ' s states , uses the Spanish language and is the location of Abilene .
Ariane 5 , launched at ELA - 3 , had its initial flight March , 2 , 2004 and its last flight , December 18 , 2009 . It has a 5 . 4 meter diameter and is manufactured by the European Space Agency .
Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards in the military .
Auburn , Washington is located within the United States , in which Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Boris Johnson is a leader in London .
Akeem Dent ' s place of birth is Atlanta , Georgia and his birthday is 09 / 27 / 1987 .
The United States Army battled in the American Revolutionary War .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and the band , Galactic .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , a country whose official language is English .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a MA in 1957 . He served on the NASA operated Apollo 14 as a crew member . He has died in California .
Alex Day is a performer of synthpop , which gets its stylistic origins from pop music . Synthpop is derived from new wave music and house music .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama and has a runway length of 4100 .
The Aston Martin Virage succeeded the Aston Martin V8 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus , Denmark has 737 academic staff and was established in 1928 . It is affiliated with the European University Association and has the latin name " Universitas Aarhusiensis " .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 .
Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in Punk rock and the musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock .
A Glastonbury Romance was preceded By Wolf Solent written by John Cowper Powys .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay on May 5 , 1913 . He is signed to the record label of Philips Records .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , US .
Published by Viking Press , the novel A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Garlic is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco which originates from the country of Spain .
The Delta II , with its United States origin , was launched at the V and Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , the site for the relative , Antares rocket and Minotaur V .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand is made of a flowering plant called Poaceae ( Poales , Commelinids ) .
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the Union Army and fought in the American Civil War in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Alan Shepard was American .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is attached to the club CD Aguila .
Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which is what Abradab performs .
Allen Forrest is a hip hop music artist and solo singer who was born in the year 1981 in Fort Campbell , KY and was raised in Dothan , AL .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the demonym is Tejano .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States , where Frank G Jackson is a leader .
Production of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe began in 1958 .
The Labour Party leads Birmingham .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . whose engine powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises located in Rostock .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The runway , named 18L / 36R has a length of 3360 . 12 .
Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on the 4th of June , 1996 and its final flight on the 18th of December 2009 . The Ariane 5 was manufactured at the ESA and Arinanespace and its launch site was ELA - 3 launchpad . .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Ponteareas , Spain , belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party and worked as Minister of Transport .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey . In 1963 , he was selected to be part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 crew . William Anders was an Apollo 11 backup pilot .
108 St . Georges Terrace a 39599 square metre , 50 floor building , was completed in 1988 at a cost of 120 million Australian dollars .
Assembled in Thames ( New Zealand ) , the AMC Matador , has a hardtop , an AMC straight - 6 engine and its alternative name is VAM Classic .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A . S . Roma and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club .
Alan Bean ( born on 1932 - 03 - 15 ) was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired .
James Craig Watson discovered 101 Helena . He died in Madison , Wisconsin of peritonitis .
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines that contains beef .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District where later he was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia which is led by Abu Zahar Ujang and has the capital of Kuala Lumpur .
The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich and bacon sandwich , which ingredient is Ketchup and it is from the United Kingdom , where the leader is Elizabeth II .
108 St . Georges Terrace boasts 50 floors and is located in Perth , Australia .
The people of Texas are called Texans .
Aleksandr Chumakov has played for FC Torpedo Moscow who played the 2014 - 15 season in the Russian Premier League and are managed by Valery Petrakov . Aleksandr Chumakov also plays for the Soviet Union national football team .
Doug Moench and Michael Manley , created the comic character Ballistic .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 in the Kingdom of Sarawak . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region . The residence of Abdul Taib Mahmud is Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Atlantic City is located in New Jersey , whose capital is Trenton . The state is part of the United States where New York City is the largest city .
Colombian Bandeja paisa boasts the ingredient Arepa .
Malaysian Malay and the Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in Malaysia . Arifin Zakaria is the leader in Malaysia . Asam pedals is a food that is found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia .
Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which is derived from punk rock . Alternative rock ' s origins are New Wave music .
The city of Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon in the U . S . where the inhabitants are called Americans . Washington D . C . is the capital of the country and African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Alvis Speed 25 , classed as a full - size luxury car , has a 31 . 48 tax hp engine and a wheelbase of 127 inches . Its transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
Marv Wolfman and Karl Kesel are the creators of the comic character Auron , whose full name is Lambien .
Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom and ingredients include bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . They can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
The United States , led by the President , has it ' s capital in Washington D . C . and is the origin of the Atlas II and African Americans .
The Plymouth Plaza ' s successor is the Plymouth Satellite .
King County is the location of Auburn , Washington .
UK born Alfred Garth Jones died in , Boris Johnson led , Sidcup , London . The Parliament of the United Kingdom is also a leader of London .
Alessio Romagnoli played for both the Italian national under 16 football and under 17 football teams . The coach of the Italian national under 16 football team is Daniele Zoratto .
Anders Osborne performs Blues music and has two record label Alligator Records and Okeh records .
Angola International Airport , located 159 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 4000 feet and serves Luanda .
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
1101 Clematis , which has a mass of 5 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 18330900 . 0 , has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 .
St Vincent - St Mary High School , the grounds of Akron Summit Assault , is located in Akron , Ohio ; United States .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States . Opelika is the county seat of Lee County , Alabama .
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km and was discovered by James Craig Watson who later died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Tomato is an ingredient of the BLT , which is a variation of the bacon sandwiches which are popular in the UK . The BLT is a variation of the club sandwich .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which has the leader Sergio Mattarella .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore . It is located in Punjab , Pakistan which is led by Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana .
Abradab was born in Katowice , Poland on November 12th , 1978 .
The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn .
The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio and play in the Premier Development League where K - W United FC were previous champions .
India ' s Air Force has a helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter and also operates Agra Airport .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and the launch site was at the ELA - 3 launchpad . It had its first voyage on August 11 , 2005 and its last voyage on December 18 , 2009 .
Elliot See ' s Alma mater was the University of Texas , Austin , he had affiliations with the University of Texas System . He died in St . Louis on February 28 , 1966 .
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , Bolt who was created by Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins .
Aleksandra Kovač is a performer of pop music who began her musical career in 1990 . Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music .
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens . He was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister and Adonis Georgiadis was under him . Makis Voridis succeeded Mr . Georgiadis .
The Alan B . Miller Hall in the United States cost 75 million dollars . The current tenants are The Mason School of Business .
The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New York .
The asteroid 107 Camilla was discovered on the 01st March 2001 .
Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London .
John van den Brom is in Vitesse Arnhem .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Carmine Infantino .
Buss Aldrin is an American born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in the United States of which Joe Biden is a leader .
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion , in Paraguay which is led by Juan Afara .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , that is based in the United States , where people speak English , same as in Great Britain and there are an ethnic group called Native Americans .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico , a dish served as an alternative to Sandesh ( confectionery ) for dessert .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA , with an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 has a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , and is located at 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
Aaron Deer is a keyboardists and indie rock artist . Indie rock uses the guitar and originates from garage rock and new wave .
Akeem Adams , who plays for W Connection F . C . , also plays for Ferencvarosi TC . Thomas Doll is the manager for and Gabor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC .
Attica , Indiana is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana in the United States .
The nationality of Abraham A . Ribicoff was American .
Shinzo Abe is the leader of Japan .
Antwerp , in the country of Belgium , is served by Antwerp International airport . German is an official language spoken in Belgium and the leaders of the country are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium .
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and has been connected to the club AZ Alkmaar .
Carl A Wirtanen was the discoverer of 29075 1950 DA which has a 3 . 5 kilograms density and its epoch date was on 27 August 2011 . Its periapsis is 124950000000 . 0 and has an orbital period of 69862200 .
Denmark ' s leader is known as the the Monarchy of Denmark who is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . This country is also home to the city of Aarhus which is positioned with Mols to it ' s northeast . Aarhus is also home to the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which has strong connections with the European University Association based in Brussels .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has a V12 engine .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016 and it has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms .
Anders Osborne is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad in India , whose prime minister is Narendra Modi .
Alfons Gorbach was in office during President Adolf Schärf ' s reign .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport located at a height of 88 metres above sea level . The runway length is 733 and the surface material is poaceae .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s current club is AC Milan , which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University was given Technical campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . It is located in Bangalore , a city founded by Kempe Gowda .
Located in Athens , the Olympic Stadium , is the ground for AEK Athens FC . The manager of which , used to be Gus Poyet , who , is in the Real Zaragoza club .
Amarillo , Potter County , ( spanish speaking ) Texas is part of the United States , with its capital as Washington , DC .
the football player Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen .
Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 . He was on the crew of Apollo 12 , which was operated by NASA . He performed as a test , but is now retired . David Scott was the Commander of Apollo 12 , and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot .
William Anders joined Nasa in 1963 as a test pilot . He then went on to become a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew along with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot and Frank Borman as commander .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark which is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The country has a monarchy and its government is a magistrate . To the northeast of Aarhus is Mols .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 and it has 600 students . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Amman .
Antonis Samaras ' deputy is Evangelos Venizelos .
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom and Boris Johnson is a leader in the capital city of London along with the Parliament of the United Kingdom . The country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , designed with 23 floors by 3XN , and currently tenanted by the Marriott International Hotel , is located in Denmark .
Folk music is the genre of Alison O ' Donnell , who is a singer and also plays the bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
109 Felicitas travels at an average speed of 17 . 73 km / s , and has an apoapsis of 523329000 kilometres .
St Louis , which is part of Spain and led by Francis G Slay , is the birthplace of Alex Tyus .
Alfred Moore Scales lived in the United States , where the African Americans are an ethnic group . He took part in the Siege of Petersburg during the American Civil War conflict under commander Abraham Lincoln .
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England .
Abilene Regional airport serves the city of Abilene , part of Taylor County and Jones County , Texas , United States .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ( nickname Alvinegro ) has 17000 members and were in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania has an ethnic group called Germans of Romania .
The United Kingdom is led by Elizabeth II and also the European Parliament . The native people are known as British and the capital of the country is London . The UK is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
The tomato belongs to the genus Solanium and the Solanaceae plant family . It is a main ingredient in the dish Amatriciana sauce .
Elliot See died in St louis . He was a US National who was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 and attended the University of Texas at Austin , .
Pakistan ' s leader is Nawaz Sharif .
The Italian people are led by Pietro Grasso and speak the Italian language . The capital city is Rome and the AC Lumezzane club play in the country .
Anaheim is part of California where Chinese language is spoken .
Chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico . It is a dessert that can be found in Guadalajara , Mexico .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas in the U . S . Houston is the biggest city in Texas .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He fought in the American Civil War where one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in , Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez led , Uruguay and died in Montevideo .
Alan Martin played for the Accrington club , Accrington Stanley F . C .
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita , part of the Akita Prefecture in Japan . Akhito is the Emperor of Japan whose ethnic groups include the Vietnamese .
Elliot See was born on July 23rd 1927 in Dallas and is a United States National . Elliot graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 . Elliot died on 28th February in 1966 .
There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street which is located in London , the leader of which is Boris Johnson .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba in the Parana State which is the South Region of Brazil . Curitiba is led by the Brazilian Democratic Labour Party .
Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War , where US born Albert Jennings Fountain fought .
Adam Holloway , a member of the Tories , was born in Faversham , U . K . His career began May 5 , 2005 .
Alternative rock has its stylistic origins in Punk rock .
The singer Aaron Turner is an artist for the bands Isis and Sumac . He performs avant - garde metal music .
The trainer aircraft for the Nigerian Air Force is the Aermacchi MB - 339 .
James Craig Watson is the Canadian national who discovered 101 Helena .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England , UK and died in Sidcup .
Abilene is a part of Texas , U . S , where English is spoken . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . and the largest city is New York City .
Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway length of 2215 . 0 .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow , Russia in 1948 and has played for FC Torpedo Moscow .
The United States is the location of Albuquerque , New Mexico , and includes the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups .
Akeem Dent ' s position is linebacker .
Staten Island is the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland where white people are an ethnic group .
Spain is the birthplace of Albel and Abel Caballero .
Addis Ababa is in Ethiopia .
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell in the Derbyshire Dales in 1820 . It includes ground almonds , jam , butter , eggs .
Bandeja paisa includes a member of the Rutaceae family ; lemon .
Ahmet Ertegun , whose music genre is Rhythm and Blues , has the alternative name A . Nugetre . Disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from the blues .
The Alvis Speed 25 ' s transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle . The Alvis Speed 25 , which is a full size class car , has a wheelbase of 127 inches and a 31 . 48 tax horsepower engine .
The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin .
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and served as a test pilot before dying in St Louis .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who was born in the U . S . worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare , where he was succeded by John N Dempsey .
A Severed Wasp , with 388 pages , can be found in print under the OCLC number 8805735 and ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States , where the people are called Americans and the capital is Washington , D . C . . The national anthem of the United States is the Star Spangled Banner and African Americans are among the ethnic groups .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for AFC Ajax and Jong Ajax .
Stuart Parker , who once managed AFC Blackpool , plays for Blackpool F . C .
Candombe singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to RCA Records . He is associated with artists Hector Numa Moraes and Yamandú Palacios .
The United States Army fought in the Korean War and one of its members was Alfred N . Phillip .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Punjab , Pakistan ' s leader is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana .
Annie Dunne preceded A Long Long Way .
The musical genre of Aaron Deer is indie rock and he is a solo singer . He is originates from Indianapolis , Indiana .
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171 kelvins .
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans and is a former member of the St . Louis Rams of St . Louis . Jeff Fisher managed that team .
Disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music and therefore can be considered a fusion genre .
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
The capital of England is London and one of the many ethnic groups found in the country are the British Arabs . Man ' s Plack is located within the country and dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . Within the region of Cornwall the old Cornish language can still be heard .
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Iraq .
AWH Engineering College has an academic staff of 250 .
String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel is associated with the artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi and Christian Burns ( House ) .
AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and is from the United Kingdom , which capital is London and their language is English . Its leader is Elizabeth II .
Alison O ' Donnell was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and is musically associated with the band Head South By Weaving . 1963 was the beginning of folk music performer Alison O ' Donnell ' s active years .
AZAL PFK ' s full name is AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of the traditional Italian Amatriciana sauce .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s number of Undergraduate students total to ~ 10000 .
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE and located 610 metres above sea level at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The runway name is 18R / 36L and it has a length of 3500 .
Batchoy originates from the Philippines and among the ethnic groups of the country can be found the Zamboangans and the Ilocano people . Arabic is one of the spoken language there .
Alfa Romeo 164 , which is assembled in Milan , and Lancia Thema are related types of transportation .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County , located in the San Francisco Bay area of California . The leader of Antioch is the United States House of Representatives .
Aaron Hunt plays football for Vfl Wolfsburg who are managed by Dieter Hecking .
Aldernay ' s leader is Elizabeth II .
Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
The 23 floor building at 103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was designed by John Madin , a local architect .
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka which is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad , India was completed in 1995 .
Austin and Arlington ( capital ) are both part of Texas and the United States , as is its largest city , Houston .
110 Lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms , an escape velocity of 0 . 0455km / s and its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC and also Orange County Blues FC managed by Oliver Wyss .
1089 Tama , formerly known as 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 , has an epoch of 2005 - 11 - 26 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km / sec . Its orbital period is 1202 . 846days and the apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 km .
Bacon and sausage are main ingredients in a Bacon Explosion , which is a main course from the Kansas City Metropolitan area .
Switzerland is governed by the Federal Chancellor and is also home to the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio and currently has 600 students with 100 members of staff .
Abel Hernandez plays for Central Espanol in the Uruguayan Segunda division and is a member of Penarol ' s youth team where the manager is Jorge Orosman da Silva .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5kg . Its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron , Ohio , U . S .
Anderson , Indiana is in Adams Township , Madison County in the United States . They have 523 . 9 people per square kilometer and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
In India , there are two prominent leaders , Narendra Modi and T S Thakur . Agra airport is one of India ' s Airport operated by the Indian Air Force . the Indian Air Force official carrier is the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
The book A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and the second book in the series is The Secret Scripture .
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States , which is also the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
A . F . C . Fylde , full name " Association Football Club Fylde " , currently have 3180 members . Their home ground is Kellamergh Park , which they played at while competing in the 2014 season .
Alex day is a Synthpop singer . Synthpop has origins in disco , house and pop music .
With an academic staff of 100 , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland , a country led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Abradab performs hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap .
Reidsville , North Carolina was the birthplace of Alfred Moore Scales .
Washington D . C . is the origin of Ahmet Ertegun .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , Pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000 . .
Abner W . Sibal served in the United States Army and fought during WWII , before ending his military career on January 3 , 1965 . Chiang Kai - shek was a commander in World War II .
Angola International Airport , located in Ícolo e Bengo and serving Luanda , is 4000 in length and 159 meters above sea level .
The AMC matador , assembled in Australia during 1971 , is a similar mode of transportation as the AMC Ambassador .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Spartak Moscow which is at the Otkrytiye Arena . He also plays for the Alania Vladikavkaz FC .
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and it was discovered by James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway with the length of 2776 . 0 metres .
The bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , on 27 July 1932 .
Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate while Juan Peron was president and was a member of the Justicialist Party .
Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and is the manager of 1 . FC Koln .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the llocano and Chinese Filipino .
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn , the former being a United States national .
Ampara Hospital can be found in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , an area with the governing body of the Eastern Provincial Council , and the country is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Al Anderson , a member of the band NRBQ , performs rock music and plays the guitar .
Arem arem is a dish comprised of compressed rice , cooked in banana leaves and filled with vegetables or meat , is an Indonesian recipe .
Albuquerque , New Mexico where Navajo is spoken , is in the United States which is led by a president .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . It has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 .
Abner currently plays football for Real Madrid Castilla .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe , designed by Italy ' s Gruppo Bertone , was made by Abarth ( founded by Carlo Abarth ) .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panama . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers , use the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III as transport aircraft , and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft fighter .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km / s .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Barny cakes , created by Mondelez International , can be found in France . That company was founded in Chicago . The leader of France is Manuel Valls and its language is French .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street .
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
The 1955 Dodge is a convertible and has a 230 cubic inch engine .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain . He was also in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister , who was preceded by Rodolfo Llopis .
The American George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building , of which construction began in 1910 .
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson , a Canadian national and graduate of the University of Michigan who died in Madison , Wisconsin . 101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 days .
Alan Shepherd who died in California , was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 .
George H . W . Bush was a commander during the Gulf War .
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , a mass of 2 . 7 kilograms , and a periapsis of 349206000000 . 0 . It has an epoch date of 31st December 2006 and its escape velocity is 0 . 0155 km / s .
Ground meat is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , which is part of Colombian cuisine .
The African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where Alpharetta is located in Georgia .
Adam Koc fought in WWI and was awarded both the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Independence award .
A wizard of Mars is 560 pages long .
Allama lqbal International airport is located in Pakistan has a runway of 3360 . 12 long is governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore .
The capital of the United States is Washington DC . And in Washington State , is Auburn , part of King County .
Anderson is located in Madison County , Indiana and lies 268 . 0 above sea level . Covering an area of 107 . 43 sq km it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km .
Alan Shepard is an American who was born in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . On the 21st of July , 1998 he passed away in California .
The binignit dish , which has coconut milk as an ingredient , can be found in the Philippines .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 . Abdul Taib Mahmud ; lives in Sarawak , is a member of the " Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak " party , and represented the Asajaya region .
The AIDAluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a beam of 32 . 2m . It made its first trip on March 22 , 2009 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark and it is affiliated to the European University Association ( HQ in Brussels ) . Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Aarhu has Mols to its northeast .
Sandesh is a dessert , as is binignit . Sweet potato , which belongs to the Solanales order of plants , is one of the ingredients of binignit .
American Alan Bean was a teat pilot who was born March 15th , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . In 1963 NASA asked him to join the Apollo 12 program where he later spent 100 , 305 minutes in space .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India .
Ann Arbor is part of Washentaw County , Michigan , United States . Michigan ' s capital is Lansing .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is made from red granite and white marble , is in Azerbaijan which has Baku as its capital and has the National Assembly as its legislature .
Adonis Georgiadis , was born in Greece , and was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and played once with The Wildweeds . He was born in Windsor , Connecticut .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States , the country where the Atlas II is from .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and died , in the New Mexico Territory .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania , which has as its capital city Bucharest . The title of the leader of the country is The Prime Minister of Romania and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the Germans of Romania .
AS Gubbio 1910 competed in the 2014 season .
Elliot See was a US citizen , who was born in Dallas . He was a test pilot . He died in St . Louis .
The rocket Antares , is comparable to Delta II which originates from the United States .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England in the UK and died in Sidcup , London .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the United States which is the location of the city of Angola in Indiana .
103 Hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kg and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland . Juha Sipilä is a leader in Finland , where the people are known as Finns .
Ajoblanco is from Spain , which leader is Felipe VI of Spain and the people is called Spaniards .
Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix , is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 46451790 .
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed . Walter Baade , a German national , was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and his alma mater was the University of Gottingen .
Alfons Gorbach ' s birthplace is lmst , in Austria .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States ; where Washington , D . C . is the capital , and where English is spoken .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom , which is where Alfred Garth Jones was born .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , categorised as a contributing property , is found in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Batagor is found in Indonesia , it is a variation on the dish Siomay / Shumai and includes peanut sauce .
American Alan Shepard was born on Nov . 18 , 1923 .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial which is made of red granite and white marble is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial can be found in Azerbaijan ' s capital Baku .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for the Italy national football team and is attached to the club Genoa CFC .
The UK dish BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich which has ketchup as one of it ' s ingredients .
Brandon Sanderson , born in Lincoln , Nebraska , authored Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians and Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
The city of Auburn , Alabama has a total area of 140 . 8 sq kms and a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
Abel Hernandez is a member of the Central Espanol youth team and also plays for US Citta di Palermo who play in Serie A and are managed by Guiseppe Iachini .
Atlanta is in the United States whose capital is Washington , D . C . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Enda Kenny is the leader of the Rebulic of Ireland where Adare Manor is located .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s former teams include FC Tom Tomsk and FC Amkar Perm , the latter of which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev . Prudnikov was part of the youth team of FC Spartak Moscow , whose home games are played at the Otkrytiye Arena .
3XN was the architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is owned by Bella Center .
Atlanta is the capital of the U . S . state of Georgia .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket . The Delta II , which originates from the United States , was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base and took off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 .
The United States leader was called Joe Biden .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 600 students along with an academic staff of 100 .
Alan Shepard ' s time in space is 13017 minutes .
Ace Wilder ' s background is as a solo singer and he is an exponent of Hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and Disco . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
The Atlas II , from the U . S . , was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The Akita Museum of Art at 142 Nakadori has 3 floors with a total area of 2746 . 66 square metres and was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 .
Guanciale is an ingredient used in the preparation of Amatriciana sauce .
The full name of the A . F . C . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde . " and they competed in the 2014 season . Their home ground is known as " The Fylde " and the club has 3180 members .
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California , it was constructed in 1913 and has the architectural style of American Craftsman . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 . with the reference number 87000823 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam . The runway named 06 / 24 Kaagbaan is 3800 . 0 long . The airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
The successor to Mike Akhigbe was Atiku Abubakar .
The European Space Agency is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 .
The United Kingdom is led by David Cameron . Among popular sandwiches in the U . K . are bacon sandwiches , which has brown sauce as one of its ingredients . The BLT is one type of a bacon club sandwich .
The creator of Auron ( comics character ) is Karl Kesel .
The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir , Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul , the currency is the lira , and the leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
Ashgabat International airport has an ICAO location identifier of UTAA , and an IATA location identifier of ASB .
Auburn , Washington is part of the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . The ISSN number is 1732 - 2421 and the LCCN number is 60040714 .
Angola , Indiana , part of Steuben County , is in the United States , where the inhabitants are called Americans , and where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Akeem Priestley plays for Jacksonville University ' s , Jacksonville Dolphins and Oliver Wyss managed , Orange County Blues FC .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Rubin Kazan and played for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team . Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow .
The Dead Man ' s Plack ( located in England ) is made from rock . It is dedicated to AEthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . England ' s religion is the Church of England and Cornish is spoken in the Cornwall region of England . British Arabs are an English ethnic group .
The University of Texas , Austin , in Dallas , Collin County , is an affiliate of the University of Texas system . Its sporting teams compete in the Big 12 Conference and their mascot is Hook ' em . A notable alumni of the university is Dallas - born Elliot See .
John van den Brom plays for R . S . C . Anderlecht and Istanbulspor A . S . He is also manager of AZ Alkmaar .
The Alan B Miller Hall , Virginia , designed by Robert A . M . Stern , was completed on 1st June 2009 and is owned by the College of William and Mary .
In the Philippines they speak Philippine Spanish , eat Batchoy and are home to the ethnic groups of Igorot people and the Chinese Filipino .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines which is where Phillippine Spanish is spoken .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California .
Baymax , the Big Hero 6 character created by Steve T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau , is voiced by Scott Adsit .
Arròs negre is from Spain .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California , was constructed in 1913 , added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 where is has the reference number 87000823 .
William Anders retired on the 1st of September 1969 , was a member of the Apollo 8 crew and in 1962 received a M . S . from his alma Mater , AFIT .
103 Hera , which has the epoch date 27 August 2011 , has a mass of 7 . 9 kgs and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . It ' s periapsis is 371240000 . 0 kms and the apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 kms .
Almond is an ingredient of ajoblanco , a dish from Andalusia , Spain , where Susana Diaz is a leader .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 103 Hera , came from Canada and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Alex Day ' s music genre is Folk music .
Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963 , was a crew member on Apollo 11 and is retired .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 .
The United States Air Force , which operates Al Asad Airbase , was involved in the Invasion of Panama . It has an aircraft fighter called the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon and an attack aircraft called the Lockheed AC - 130 .
Spanish is spoken in Uruguay .
African Americans are an ethnic group from the United States , where Alfred Moore Scales lived . Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg which occurred during the American Civil War . The conflict , during which , one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis .
Anders Osborn is signed to Alligator Records , a rock music exponent .
Albuquerque is in The United States and its part of Bernalillo County in New Mexico , The leader is Richard J . Berry , the New Mexico House of Representatives , is what the leader is called . The language spoken is english , .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , 280 metres above sealevel and its runway is 1 . 982 km long .
Architect John Madin , born in Birmingham , designed 103 Colmore Row .
A . S . Livorno Calcio has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi and play in Serie B .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen , is located in Denmark . It is affiliated with the European University Association , whose headquarters are in Brussels . The religion is the Church of Denmark .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England and began his career on 5th May 2005 . His alma mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge . Adam Holloway , was in the Grenadier Guards , in the military and was the Member of Parliament , for Gravesham .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal with IBN of 0269 - 9370 is HIV .
Barny cakes , created by Mondelez International ( founded in Chicago ) , come from France . The leader of France is Manuel Valls and the spoken language is French .
Batchoy is found in Arabic speaking Philippines . Home to the llocano and Chinese Filipino people .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , the country which has Sumitra Mahajan as one of its leaders .
Francis G Slay is the leader of St Louis .
In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology . The current President is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate students . The Institute was established in India in the year 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Abner the footballer , was born on May 30th 1996 .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California , were constructed in 1913 and designed based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " .
Dušan Ivković is the coach of Anadolu Efes S . K .
Arem arem is a Javanese dish that originates from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Indonesian is the language spoken .
There are 23 floors at 103 Colmore Row .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club which is managed by Oleh Luzhny . His club is the Olympique Lyonnais which has its home ground as Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
John Cowper Powys , born in Shirley , Derbyshire , is known for works such as Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region and part of the Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients of the dish are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Musician , Aaron Turner plays Ambient music .
The inhabitants of the Republic of Ireland are the Irish , which is also the language used in the Republic which is led by Enda Kenny . The currency is the euro and the Republic is the location of Adare Manor .
Almond is an ingredient of ajoblanco which is a dish from Spain .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by German born , Walter Baade , a graduate from University of Gottingen .
The United States is led by the President of the United States . One of the leaders is John Roberts , and 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country .
Piano player Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns who plays house music . Rayel is also associated with Jwaydan Moyine who in turn is associated with the musical artist John Digweed .
Synthpop is derived from house music .
Peter Stoger is attached to the club First Vienna FC .
Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia where Arem arem comes from .
AFC Blackpool , whose ground is located in Blackpool , plays in the North West Counties Football League .
Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person at American Motors .
The Audi A1 is assembled by Audi Brussels and has a 1 . 2 litre engine .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s record label is Deram Records .
Alan Bean was born on March 15th in 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . Bean was hired by NASA in 1963 , and was a crew member of Apollo 12 , which was operated by NASA . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 , while Alfred Worden was a backup pilot for Apollo 12 .
The comic book character Arion , aka Ahri ' ahn , was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which competes in the Big 12 Conference . He served as a test pilot and died in St Louis .
Gus Poyet played for Chelsea F . C .
Anders Osborne ' s record label is Alligator Records , which is located in Chicago . He plays rock music and recorded with Okeh Records .
The comic book character was created by Gene Colan and the comic book writer Roger Mckenzie , who is a US national .
The bacon sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . The dish comes from the United Kingdom and the main ingredients include bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment .
The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and is located in Manhattan . The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23 April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
The Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8 which is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS . The successor of the Aston Martin DBS is the Aston Martin Vantage .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is called the President and there are many Asian Americans .
Bionico , a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico , has granola in it .
Gus Poyet has been the manager of AEK Athens FC and has also been a player for Chelsea F . C .
The AidAluna christening date is 2009 - 04 - 04 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Adams County , Pennsylvania was established in 2000 .
AIDA Cruises , located in Germany , is the owner of the AIDAluna , which is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician for the United Bible Studies band and was previously member of the Flibbertigibbet band .
The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan and the leader , who has the title Prime Minister , is Artur Rasizade . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan .
The American Institute of Physics publishes AIP Advances which is edited by A T Charlie Johnson . He is the doctoral adviser for Michael Tinkham and his alma mater is Stanford University .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The capital of the country is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Jorge Humberto Rodriquez plays for the C . D . FAS .
Defender and under 16 Italy international footballer Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Serie A side AC Milan , which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style , a straight - four engine and a 2160 millimetres wheelbase . 1958 was its last production year .
Airey Neave fought in World War II in which Chiang Kai - shek was a commander .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca .
Abilene regional airport services Abilene , Jones and Taylor County , Texas ( United States ) .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain , where the Spaniards are from and also where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian , whose Alma mater is the University of Michigan .
The Bacon Explosion originates in the United States . It contains bacon and is served as a main course .
At 911 . 0 metres above sea level , Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is in Brasilia .
Asam pedas is a found in malaysia , where the capital is Putrajaya and Abu Zahar Ujang is the name of the leader .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and fought battles in World War II .
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3 , 992 . 88 .
Turkmenabat airport is the hub for Turkmenistan airlines .
Shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient of a Bakewell tart .
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 03 / 21 .
December 31st 2006 is the epoch date of 109 Felicitas , which has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
The California State Senate is located in the California State Capitol .
Allen Forrest is also known by Matchstik , Match , Allan , Forrester , Alan , Foster , Forest Matchstick , Matchstix and Allen Forrest .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas .
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for both S . S . Chieti Calcio and A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , with full name " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " , played in the Topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character Arion , sometimes known as Ahri ' ahn .
Anrew Rayel is musically associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina .
Ace Wilder is an exponent of Hip hop music in which drum and bass is a derivative .
1036 Ganymed , which has a temperature of 160 . 0 kelvins , has an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio . The governing body for the city is Cleveland City Council and Frank G Jackson is a city leader .
The runway name of Andrews County Airport is 2 / 20 .
The Monarch of Denmark is the country ' s leader .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java . Banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in Java and Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore .
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6kg .
Abel Hernández ' s club is Hull City A . F . C .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow whose home territory is Otkrytiye Arena . He plays for the Sparta Prague and FC Amkar Perm football club whose manager is called Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Arem - arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java and it ' s main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Adisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe , its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , and the official currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Apharetta is located in Georgia , part of the United States , where African Americas are an ethnic group .
The total area of Atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres .
Avocado ( Laurales order ) is included in the Bandeja paisa dish .
Aaron Boogaard , who played for the club Wichita Thunder , was born in Saskatchewan in 1986 .
Ab Klink worked as a Member of the House of Representatives as a member of Christian Democratic Appeal party , was born in the Netherlands and went Erasmus University Rotterdam .
The leader of Buenos Aires is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta .
The American Locomotive Company built a total of 1418 ALCO RS - 3s . They have a four - stroke engine and are 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
Celery is of the Apium genus and is an ingredient in Bakso .
William Anders , crew member of Apollo 8 retired as of 1969 - 09 - 01 .
Cornell University , headed by president Elizabeth Garrett , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Adam Koc , who was born in Congress , Poland , fought in the Polish - Soviet War , which was part of the Russian Civil War . A commander in the Polish - Soviet War was Leon Trotsky .
The currency of Spain is the Euro .
English is spoken in the US ; which is home to Asian Americans and the origin place of A Severed Wasp .
The Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups from Malaysia . Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia .
William Anders and Frank Borman were both crew members on Apollo 8 operated by NASA .
Albany is a city in Georgia , which is a state in the United States . Those who live in Georgia or any other state are known as Americans . African Americans are a specific group of people who live in the United States , this is known as an ethnic group . One past leader of the United States , known as the President of the United States , was an African American .
Barack Obama was the president of the United States . English is the main language there , but was originated in Great Britain . A Severed Wasp is a book from the US .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove , which is part of California .
Adonis Georgiadis was in office whilst Antonis Samaras , later succeeded by Konstantionos Mitsotakis , was Prime Minister and Evangelos Venizelos was his Deputy .
Walter Baade , who had a doctoral student named Halton Arp , was born in the German Empire and discovered 1036 Ganymed . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and he later died in West Germany .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow out of Otkrytiye Arena . Its chairman is known as Sergey Rodionov . Mr . Prudnikov also played in the FC Terek Grozny club whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso and / or Sergio Mattarella .
103 Hera has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins .
An ingredient of ajoblanco ( alternative name ajo blanco ) is olive oil , the dish originates from Spain .
Allen Forrest plays Rhythm and Blues and began his career in 2005 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the following artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi and House musician , Christian Burns .
The Ariane 5 , manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space , with its ELA - 3 launchpad , had its initial flight June 4 , 1996 and its final flight on December 18 , 2009 .
With a runway length of 3310 . 0 , Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan . It serves the city of Lahore and is operated by he Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
Arlington , Tarrant County ( with its seat in Fort Worth ) , are part of Texas , within the United States . Texas has its largest city as Houston .
The ISSN number of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 1588 - 2632 .
Alan Bean , a US national whose birth place is Wheeler , Texas , served as a test pilot .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland built the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov . The powertype of the Aleksey Chirikow icebreaker is Wärtsilä and it has a length of 99 . 83 metres and a 21 . 2 m long shipbeam .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , which is in Paracuellos de Jarama , has a runway named 18L / 36R and is 4 , 100 long .
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications .
Buzz Aldrin won 20 awards .
African Americans are an ethic group in the United States .
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge . He served in the Grenadier Guards and began his career on May 5th , 2005 .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who , was in office under Antonis Samaras , Prime Minister . Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Agustin Barboza was born on the 5th May 1913 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra is in the Al - Khor Sports Club which has its ground in Al Khor . He plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC , the manager of which , is Amar Osim .
Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella and are located in Genoa .
Christian alternative rock is a subgenre of alternative rock .
AIP Advances has the ISSN number 2158 - 3226 .
The comic book character Auron , full name Lambien was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson .
The Antares rocket made its maiden flight on April 21st 2013 .
The footballer , Abner , plays for the Brazilian national under 17 football team . He also plays for Real Madrid Castilla , managed by Luis Miguel Ramis .
101 Helena was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson , who studied at the University of Michigan .
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands and worked as a member of the House of Representatives . She is a national of the Netherlands , which is led by Mark Rutte .
Hip hop originates from disco and funk and influences drum and bass . Hip hop artist Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm .
Aaron Deer is a solo singer .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria - Hungary . He later died in Styria in Austria .
Guitarist Al Anderson , who once played with the WildWeeds , is a member of the country music band NRBQ .
Albany is 62 . 0 above sea level , has an area of 144 . 7 sq km , a pop . desity of 535 persons per sq km and an area code of 229 . Albany is located in Georgia and is part of the United States .
The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka , whose leader is Austin Fernando .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . The monument was competed in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The band Abradab plays Hip Hop music , a derivative of which is Drum and Bass .
The American Journal of Mathematics ISSN 0002 - 9327 is often abbreviated as AM . J . Math .
Populous is the architect of 3Arena located at North Wall , Dublin .
With a total area of 77 . 41 square metres , Auburn ( part of King County ) , is in Pierce County , Washington , in the United States .
Abel Caballero belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University ( president Elizabeth Garrett ) . The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Rochdale born Bill Oddie starred in the TV series Bananaman . This show was broadcast by the BBC , which has its headquarters in Broadcasting House .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria - Hungary and died in Graz . A leader in Austria is Doris Bures .
John van den Brom is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for AFC Ajax . He has also been manager for AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Max Huiberts .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark . German is the language spoken in that country .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and also for AC Milan who play in Serie A and are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader .
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and has previously been the manager for AZ Alkmaar .
The order of laurales has avocado which an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Arem - arem is a dish from Java , Indonesia . The main ingredients of the food are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands and worked for the Socialist party . The leader of the Socialist party is Emile Roemer .
Abner W . Sibal fought during WWII and Franklin D . Roosevelt was a commander in that war .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . It originates from the United States where White Americans live .
Published by American Institute of Physics , AIP Advances is edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who is from the US and whos almaMater is Harvard University .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was in office while John F . Kennedy was president he succeeded Dwight D . Eisenhower .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and later in life became a fighter pilot .
Solo singer Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music . The music Bhangra is part of the Rock music fusion genre .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under - 17 football team , where Alessandro Dal Canto is the coach .
1001 Gaussia has a mean temperature of 154 . 0 kelvins .
Akeem Ayers first started with the Tennessee Titans of Nashville , TN . He once played for the St . Louis Rams with coach Joe Vitt out of the city of St . Louis .
Bakso is made in China and it contains noodles .
Williams Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 8 with commander Frank Borman .
Abilene Regional Airport ICAO Location Identifier is KABI .
Joe Vitt is coach of the St . Louis Rams .
The A - Rosa Luna , built by Neptun Werft , is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen ( Friedrichshafen ) engine .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and was originally published in English . Engish is the national Language of Great Britain . Native Americans are one of many ethnic groups that reside in the U . S .
William Anders , born on October 17 , 1933 , was selected by NASA in 1963 . He served as a crew member on the NASA Apollo 8 mission along with Frank Borman .
Alan Bean has retired .
BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich and a bacon sandwich . Condiments are ingredients in a bacon sandwich .
The capital of Michigan is Lansing .
Akeem Adams plays for T & TEC Sports Club and formerly for United Petrotrin F . C .
A T Charlie Johnson from the United States and studied at Harvard University , is the editor of AIP Advances .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
The 1955 Dodge and the Plymouth Plaza are related means of transport in that they are both cars .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which use the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules as a transport aircraft .
Alan Bean has retired , having been born in Wheeler , Texas and serving on the crew of Apollo 12 .
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " . It competed in the 2014 season and has 5300 members .
St Louis Rams are the former team of Akeem Ayers , number 39 in the draft pick , whose current team is the Los Angeles Rams .
Condensed milk is included in the dessert , Bionico .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 was assembled . The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which was made by the Aston Martin Company .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , is published by Polish Academy of Sciences which is based in Warsaw , Poland .
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil which was produced in print and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
The ALCO RS - 3 was produced by the American Locomotive Co . It is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) long and they made only 1418 cars .
Asam pedas is a food found on the Malay Peninsula , Malaysia . Arifin Zakaria is the leader of the country and ethnic groups there include the Malay and Malaysian Chinese .
Barack Obama is the president of the United States where one finds African Americans and the city of Albuquerque in New Mexico .
A Long Long Way , ISBN 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , was published in Print & Paperback and has 292 pages .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham Kent , England , graduated from Magdalene College Cambridge and was involved in Gulf War battles on May 5th 2005 .
Baked Alaska , a dish originating in China , is also popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong . Its main ingedients include meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
The Dead Man ' s Plack , dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia , is located in England , where the Cornish language is spoken .
The US town of Alexandria is part of Madison County , where the county seat is Anderson . Indiana has the capital Indianapolis and is the state where Alexandria is located .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located n San Sebastián de los Reyes which is led by the Peoples Party and is part of the community of Madrid .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian national , who died from peritonitis .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , which was created in 1928 , is affiliated with the European University Association .
The ISSN number " 0001 - 8392 " is for Administrative Science Quarterly ( Admin . Sci . Q ) which comes under the academic discipline of Management .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen has 814 rooms and was developed by the Bella Center .
Ampara Hospital ( bed count 476 ) is located in Sri Lanka .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba in 1989 and measures 1 . 9304 m tall . He plays for the Anyang Halla club .
Aaron Turner was born in Boston and started performing in 1995 . He is a Black metal musician in the Lotus Eaters band who played for Old Man Gloom .
The Addis Ababa City Hall was built in 1961 and has 140000 square metre floor area .
Born in Shirley , Derbyshire , John Cowper Powys is the author of Owen Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance .
The AZAL Arena is in Shuvalan .
Aaron Bertram ' s musical genre is Ska punk which has its origins in Ska .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Pennsylvania and was established in 2000 .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis and is associated with the group Greymachine . He is a performer of the musical genre Post metal .
Anaheim , part of Orange County in California is led by the United States House of Representatives located in the US Capitol .
The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is ' Nurturing Excellence . ' .
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese which is a related form of transportation to Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra .
A - Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tons and is 125800 . 0 millimetres long . It was completed on April 6 , 2005 .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , which has Opelika as its County Seat . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , which is the location of Auburn .
ALCO RS - 3 , is made by the American Locomotive Company , where a total of 1418 were produced . It has 12 cylinders and has a V12 engine , it ' s total length is 17068 . 8 mm .
Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005 and in the Grenadier Guards , in the military . He was involved in Gulf War battles . It was during the gulf was that George H . W . Bush was a commander .
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco .
Amarillo is a city in Texas .
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) derives from Argentina and it provided spare parts for the Nael Minas Geraisand but the remainder was scrapped in 2000 . It ' s ship ' s beam measures 24 . 4m and is 192000 . 0 millimetres long .
The Accademia di Architetttura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . The Swiss leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann and its anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix , has an OCLC number of 45644811 and an ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Led by the United States House of Representatives . , is Antioch . This city , is part of Contra Costa County , which in turn is part of part of the San Francisco Bay Area , in California . One of the languages spoken in California is Vietnamese .
Alfred Garth is from the UK , where Elizabeth II is queen , and people are British .
Alex Plante was born in 1989 , in Brandon , Manitoba . He is , 1 . 9304m tall and has played for the club Anyang Halla .
The Ariane 5 was made by ESA and Arianespace .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader .
Dad Man ' s Plack is made of rock .
Binignit is a dish that includes coconut milk and sweet potato which is of the order Solanales flowering plants .
The champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C are Vila Nova Futebol Clube . The Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark whose leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
A Wizard of Mars was punlished in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United States . The president of the US was previously Barack Obama and many Asian Americans live there .
250 Delaware Avenue is located within the United States where English is the language and the Native Americans are an ethnic group . John Roberts is a leader in the United States where the country ' s leader is titled the President of the United States .
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the band rock band the NRBQ and once played with the Wildweeds . Bhangra is a fusion of rock music which originated from country music .
Makis Voridis was born in Athens and he was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis . Adonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Iraq national under 23 football team .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the birth place of Abraham A Ribicoff .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which has a runway length of 733 . 0 metres . Additionally , its 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
With an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometres per second , 109 Felicitas , has a teperature of 170 . 0 kelvins , and an apoapsis of 523329000 kilometres .
Akron , Ohio is part of Summit County , Ohio .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov , which is still in service , was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki .
Black metal musician Aaron Turner has played with the bands Twilight and Lotus Eaters .
Alvah Sabin active duties began 03 / 04 / 1853 . He was born in Vermont and died in Sycamore , DeKalb County . Illinois . Burlington is Vermont ' s largest city .
Massimo Drago , manager of A . C . Cesena , is part of clubs Vigor Lamezia and Valcio Catania .
Aleksandra Kovač performs funk music .
The runway at Angola International Airport is named 05L / 23R .
Auburn forms part of Pierce County , in the state of Washington , United States .
The official language of the Republic of Ireland is Irish , and in Ireland is Irish English . The native people of the Republic are the Irish and the currency is the euro . The Republic is the location of Adare Manor .
Beginning his career in 2003 , musician Andrew White , ( signed to B - Unique Records ) , has worked with Marry Banilow and is a member of the band Kaiser Chiefs .
The start date for building Addis Ababa City Hall was 1961 .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician . The guitar is played in indie rock music which originated from garage rock music .
Trance music has its origins in House music .
Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) went to the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and was a test pilot .
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and his club is now VfL Wolfsburg .
The United States architect George Winkler designed the 320 South Boston Building completed in 1929 .
Gram flour is an ingredient of a Bhajji .
The comic character , Blockbuster ( a . k . a . Roland Desmond ) was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern .
The AWH Engineering College has academic staff size of 250 .
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , KY , in 1981 and was raised in Dothan , AL . Originally a solo singer , his musical genre is hip hop music .
Abner W . Sibal , who was a Republican , was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeded by Marjorie Farmer .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is also known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States , whose capital city is Washington DC , and whose ethnic groups include African Americans .
A . F . C . Fylde have 3180 members and are based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire .
American - born Abraham A . Ribicoff once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office . He was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze and later died in New York City .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and it has 700 postgraduate students .
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died at the Battle of Baku . The memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
5 is the number of the first runway of Angola International Airport which is 159m a . s . l .
Administrative Science Quarterly has a CODEN code of " ASCQAG " .
The ground of AD Isidro Metapán is located in Metapán , El Salvador .
American Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He studied at the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas system . He died on the 28th of February 1966 in St . Louis .
Native Americans , are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , the country of birth of Abraham A . Ribicoff , whose spouse is , Ruth Ribicoff .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and it is affiliated to the European University Association . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen .
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and was awarded the Territorial Decoration , retiring on 20th March 1979 .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band as well as the Ska band Suburban Legends where , Brian Robertson plays the trombone .
A . F . C . Blackpool play in season 2014 .
Amarillo is part of both Potter County and Randall County in Texas , United States . The latter county has Canyon as its county seat .
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March , 1932 . He became a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 , where he served under Commander David Scott . Alan Bean is retired .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge . Holloway began his career on May 5th , 2005 and was in the Grenadier Guards in the military .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 .
Manchester born Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London . The Parliament of the United Kingdom and Boris Johnson are leaders of London .
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014 and has 12 floors with an area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
The currency in Turkey is the Turkish Lira .
Batagor ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and it is found in Indonesia .
Aaron Deer is a singer with a musical genre of Indie Rock . The stylistic origin of Indie Rock is new wave music .
Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana is within the United States .
Asam pedas hails from Malay Peninsula and Indonesia .
HIV belongs to the family Orthoretrovirinae .
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Andrew Rayel ' s musical genre is trance which originated from pop music . He has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , Alexandra Badoi . and also with Jwaydan Moyine who is associated with the musical artist John Digweed .
Synthpop musician Alex Day was born in the borough of Havering in London and began his music career in 2006 . He plays with Chameleon Circuit and is associated with Charlie McDonnell .
Solo singer Ace Wilder performs hip hop music , which has its stylistic origins in disco . Drum and bass has its origins in hip hop music .
John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) was the architect of 103 Colmore Row . Colmore Row , which is a 23 floor building .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is from Argentina and has a ship beam length of , 24 . 4 . ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) has provided spare parts for NAeL Minas Geraisand with the remainder being scrapped in 2000 .
Julia Morgan , born in California , designed the California landmark Los Angeles Herald examiner building and the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Amarillo , Texas is located within the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Dave Challinor is at the A . F . C . Flyde club .
The top speed of an AIDAstella is 38 . 892 .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for the Soviet Union national football team .
Arlington in Texas lies 184 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 1472 people for each of its 258 . 2 square kilometres . The area codes for Arlington are 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 .
Auburn is part of Washington ( state ) .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena . He plays football for the Kuban Krasnodar club and the Amkar Perm club . The latter club is managed by Mr . Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and was launched on 31st of May , 1855 . The Alhambra ; was 63800 . 0 millimetres long , had a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a top speed of , 18 . 52 .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 which is operated by Arianespace and located at the Guiana Space Centre , Kourou , French Guiana .
Aurakles was created by Dick Dillin and Len Wein .
The wife of Abraham A . Ribicoff is Casey Ribicoff .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , where the leader is Enda Kenny , the currency is the Euro and English is the primary language .
Airey Neave fought in World War II .
Ab Klink ' s alma mater is Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiated with the Association of MBAs . Ab Klink worked as a Member of the House of Representatives .
John Madin was an architect from Birmingham who designed 103 Colmore Row .
The dessert Bionico , containg honey , is from the Jalisco region of Mexico ( led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo ) .
Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
The book A Severed Wasp is available in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 . The book has a total of 388 pages .
Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Dale , Wisconsin and Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin . Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin and can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He Joined NASA in 1963 where he became a member of the Apollo 11 crew before he retired .
Jens Hartel played for Berliner AK 07 and has been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . He is a member of the FSV Zwickau club and plays for SV Babelsberg 03 .
Najib Razak is the leader of Malaysia .
Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport which is owned by Flemish Region .
English is spoken in the United States , where Americans live and where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The US is where you will find Albany , which is part of Dougherty County in Georgia .
The American submarine NR - 1 is built by General Dynamics Electric Boat . It has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h , a beam of 3 . 8 metres and a length of 45000 mms .
A Long Long Way is from Ireland and published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and served in the Grenadier Guards and his Alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . Its periapsis is 296521000 . 0 kilometres and its apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The Antares rocket launch site was the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Alan Bean is an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was part of the Apollo 12 crew and spent 100305 minutes in space . He is now retired .
Abner is a footballer for the CD FAS club whose league is the Salvadoran Primera Divison .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and are managed by Vica .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is located in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . Albuquerque City Council govern the area and Richard J Berry is the leader of that organisation .
The avocado is a member of the Laurales plant order .
Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music which has its stylistic origins in pop music . He is is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina .
Aaron Boogaard ' s birthplace was Canada , where one of the languages spoken is Inuktitut .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where they speak Greek . Athens is the capital of Greece , where one of the leaders is Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
The Guiana Space Centre ' s headquarters are located in Kourou , French Guiana , it is the site of the ELA - 3 launchpad , operated by Arianespace , located in Courcouronnes . It is the launch site of the Ariane 5 .
The Administrative Science Quarterly ( OCLC number 1461102 ) is published by Sage Publications , the company which was founded by Sara Miller McCune .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which is northwest of Carroll County , Maryland .
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch and Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister . Carlos was born in Rome and he succeeded Francisco Franco as Monarch .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association .
Al Anderson plays with the country music band NRBQ .
Susana Diaz of edger Blanco is the leader of Andalusia .
Aaron Turner performs Post - metal music and played with the band Twilight .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , was a crew member aboard Apollo 14 and spent a total of 13017 minutes in space .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities .
The nickname of the Acharya Institute of Technology is AIT .
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich , which is popular in the UK . Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT .
The birth place of Alan Frew is Coatbridge .
Akron is located within Summit County , Ohio in the U . S . The Mayor is the leader in Akron . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C . and one ethnic group in that country are African Americans .
Honda manufactures a model called the Accord .
The Polish Academy of Sciences serves Poland .
The origin of Abradab is Poland .
The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester .
The 1955 Dodge has a station wagon style body and a straight - six engine .
Elliot See was born in Dallas in the US . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . He was a test pilot . See died in St . Louis .
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 .
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Punjab , Pakistan and governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The airport runway length is 3310 . 0 and the runway name is 18L / 36R .
Above the Veil by Garth Nix was produced in Print and is 248 pages long .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine which is made in Friedrichshafen . The MTU Friedrichshafen is owned by Rolls - Royce Holdings .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey and the Turkish leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . The largest city is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone which was founded in Italy and is located in Turin .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Arros negre is found in the region of Catalonia and the leader of the country is Carles Puigdemont .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib , was born in Miri , Malaysia and his residence is Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His alma mater is the University of Adelaide and he belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , situated in Adams County , Pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property .
Albany is located in Dougherty County , Georgia in the U . S . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf .
Erasmus University in Rotterdam is affiliated to the Association of MBAs and is Ab Klink ' s alma mater . He was born in the Netherlands where the currency is the euro .
Peter Stöger , the manager of FC Kolin is also a part of the SK Vorwärts Steyr club , the SK Rapid Wien Club and SC Wiener Neustadt .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia which is part of Alba County in Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . The country is led by Klaus Iohannis .
The city of Antioch is located within California and is led by the United States House of Representatives - which is part of the United States Congress . Vietnamese is one of the languages spoken in California state .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States . The total area of Albany , Georgia is 144 . 7 square kilometres .
29075 1950 DA has the epoch date of 27 August 2011 and an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 .
Addis Ababa is situated in Ethiopia and the language spoken is Amharic . Here you will also find the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall .
The comic character Asterix , was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California , in the U . S .
London based Polydor Records are the record label Andrew White is with . His genre is alternative rock , which has its stylistic origins in Punk rock .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark .
Anders Osborne has worked with Galactic and is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Adonis Georgiadis held the office " Vice - President of New Democracy " .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport . The Aston Martin V8 , manufactured by Aston Martin , is assembled in the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the leader .
Alan Frew is from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada and started performing in 1983 .
American Civil War , Siege of Petersburg included United States born , Alfred Moore Scales and commander Abraham Lincoln . An ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S . where the capital is Washington DC and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( OCLC number 1480153 ) is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United States . Johns Hopkins University Press has the parent company Johns Hopkins University .
University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with University of Texas System .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where unsurprisingly they speak Italian .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , using ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the language is English and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and contains kidney beans .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is considered Fantasy literature .
107 Camilla , discovered by A Storrs , has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 km , and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 km . 107 Camilla has the epoch 31 December 2006 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina . His musical genre is Trance which has its origins in Pop music .
Uruguayans is a demonym for Uruguay .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , was built in Helsinki , Finland and is still in service . It is 99 . 83 meter long with a 21 . 2m ship beam .
At 75 metres above sea level , the Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , part of Atlantic County , in the United States .
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 900 . 0 metres .
Aurakles alternative name is also Aurakles .
Aaron Bertram was born April 3 , 1981 .
Located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level . The airport has the runway length 1 , 533 and 1 / 19 is the runway name .
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan which is led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade with a National Assembly dictating the legislature . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician . Jazz music originates from blues and folk music . It is derived into funk and is an element of the fusion genre Afrobeat .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al and was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
Airey Neave , whose unit was the Royal Artillery , won the Territorial Decoration award .
Auburn is located within the state of Washington in the U . S . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A . Ş . and plays for R . S . C . Anderlecht as well as managing AZ Alkmaar .
Solo singer Ace Wilder performs Hip Hop music . This music has its stylistic origins in disco and derivatives of hip hop are drums and bass .
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MS . He served as a fighter pilot before joining NASA in 1963 as crew on the Apollo 8 , .
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
Auburn is located in Pierce County , part of the state of Washington in the United States . It has a total area of 77 . 4 sq km and has a population density of 914 . 8 people per sq km .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae .
Born in 1981 , in Fort Campbell , Allen Forrest , whose genre is Rhythm and Blues , was originally a solo singer .
The runway at Alderney Airport is named 03 / 21 .
The 1955 Dodge , DeSoto Custom and Dodge Coronet are all related .
Ahmet Ertegun ' s genre is rhythm and blues which is where disco is derived from .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts and is found in the United States .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS .
Adam McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets which is managed by Jarmo Kekalainen .
Adirondack Regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and is located at Harrietstown , New York .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport and they ' re manufactured by Aston Martin . The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage and it ' s engine volume is 5 . 3 litres .
American Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot who was picked by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Apollo 11 program . Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is now retired .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg , part of the American Civil War conflict .
Albany , Oregon is located within the United States where the main language spoken is English .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia , where Amharic is spoken .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , Essex County , New York and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown , New York in the United States ) .
a variation of Barny Cakes is to use Strawberry .
Angola is in Pleasant Township of Steuben County , Indiana of the United States where Asian Americans are one of several ethnic groups .
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The runway , which is 3360 . 12 in length , is named 18L / 36R .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . It is operated by ENAIRE and its runway name is 14L / 32R . The runway length is 3500 . 0 .
Alfred Moore Scales is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was Governor of North Carolina before being succeeded by James Madison Leach .
Texas in the United States has Houston as its largest city . Tarrant County can be found within Texas and is home to Arlington and the county seat of Forth Worth .
The largest city in Washington State , which has the capital Olympia , is Seattle . Pierce County forms part of Washington and is also the location of Auburn .
The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and the rocket ’ s launch site is Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
Akeem Adams , whose club is Central F . C . , Ferencvarosi TC , which is managed by , Thomas Doll . Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC .
Aenir with ISBN " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 " was produced in print .
Ab Klink ' s Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
The country of Indonesia commonly serves Arem - arem .
Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol ' s youth club , part of the Uruguayan Primera Division , and whose manager is Jorge Orosmán da Silva . Mr . Hernandez also played the the Central espanol Club .
Both the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama involved the United States Air Force . One of their airbases is Al Asad . The USAF also operates aircraft carriers , which use aircraft such as the Lockheed AC - 130 .
Airey Neave was awarded the Order of the British Empire .
The language spoken in Great Britain is English and the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in this language but comes from the United States . In the United States , the capital is Washington D . C and there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans live .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Karnataka is east of the Arabian Sea .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand are the operators of Ardmore Airport which is elevated 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . The airport has a runway length of 1411 that is named 03L / 21R .
Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed , was a German National , being born in the German Empire and graduating from the University of Gottingen .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger . They have 50000 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in the Bundesliga .
Jack Kirby is an American .
Caterpillar Inc . is located in Illinois and was founded in the U . S . AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc . and is owned by AIDA Cruises .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussels . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in Pennsylvania in the year 2000 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa a country which has Jacob Zuma as its leader along with Cyril Ramaphosa .
Barack Obama is the leader of the U . S .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais , while at home . He is now a member of the FC Karpaty Lviv .
English is spoken in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC and includes the ethnic group of Native Americans . The country is the location of Albany , part of Linn County , Oregon .
Indonesia is the country Asam pedas comes from in the Sumatra region . Ethnic groups in Sumatra include the Batak and the Acehnese .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Summit County , Ohio in the U . S . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio .
Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , was part of the crew of Apollo 12 where Alfred Worden served as backup pilot .
At 178 . 0 cm tall , Aleksandre Guruli , played for the Georgia national football team and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club .
The orbital period for 1101 Clematis is 183309000 . 0 .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for AC Milan , managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic , and US Sampdoria in the Serie A League .
Frank de Boer played for AFC Ajax .
The Gruppo Bertone is located in Turin , Italy and was founded by Giovanni Bertone . It was the designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
The Flemish region is in the country of Belgium .
410777 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
A . C . Lumezzane play in Italy where the capital is Rome , the spoken language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java .
Austin , Texas is located within the country of the United States .
The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas where the leader party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 which has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km per sec , has the epoch date of 4 November 2013 . The asteroid has a periapsis of 41498400000 . 0 and apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
Atlantic City , is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , in the United States . The capital city of which , is Washington , D . C . The country ' s largest city is New York City , and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom where the English language is spoken . The country is where the AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who are owned by parent company Wolters Kluwer .
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and its maiden flight was on April 21st , 2013 . It was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca ground which is located in Arapiraca . They currently play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League whose current champions are The Vila Nova Futebl Clube .
The AMC Matador has a Coupé style body .
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music , of which The Blues is a stylistic origin of and of which bhangra music is a musical fusion .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish Lira .
Angola is in Steuben County , Indiana , United States and the African americans are an ethnic group of the country .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , officially known as the President of Turkey . This country is where the Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) can be located .
Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank California , wrote the book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " which had been preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair , which was influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors .
Auburn is in Pierce County , Washington .
The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester and he makes a living as an illustrator .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 and served as a Test pilot . He was on the crew of Apollo 14 . He is deceased and died in California .
Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit along with sweet potatoes which belong to the solanales order of plants .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where the English language is spoken .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca .
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of that country .
Ahmet Ertegun started out as a non performing personnel .
Alan Bean spent 100305 minutes in space .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Abner W . Sibal worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , he was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura which was established in 1996 is located in Ticino . The Accademiz has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman and American Karl Kesel .
Abilene , Texas , U . S . ( part of Taylor County ) is served by the Abilene regional airport .
Anders Osborne is a rock guitarist associated with Johnny Sansone and signed to the Shanachie Records label . Bhangra is a fusion genre partly coming from rock music .
Aaron Turner is from Massachusetts .
Ace Wilder uses the record label Warner Music group .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 meters .
Albert B . White ' s successor was William M . O . Dawson , a member of the United States Republican Party .
Arlington is part of Texas where Houston is the largest city and English is spoken .
Baked Alaska is from the country of France , which leaders are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher . Baked Alaska is from the New York region , where french Language can be heard .
Alla Abdul Zahra , player for Al Kharaitiyat SC in the Qatar Stars League , located at Al Khor , also plays for the Iraq National Under 20 football team , when he is not being managed by Amar Osim .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia , where Susana Diaz is the leader .
Aaron Turner is singer who performs with the Lotus Eaters and Mamiffer . He plays black metal music of which death metal is a musical fusion .
Rock music is the genre of Al Anderson , who plays with the band NRBQ .
Folk musician Alison O ' Donnell is signed with Deram Records .
The Athens international airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 4000 .
Bhajji come from India and are found in the region of Karnataka . They have the alternative names of bhaji or bajji and contain gram flour .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on march 15 , 1932 , and is American . He was a test pilot and worked for NASA in 1963 . He is now retired .
Rock musician Anders Osborne ' s record label is the Chicago based Alligator records . He is signed to the Okeh Records record label .
The area code for Ann Arbor Michigan is 734 .
Alan Shepard died in California , the common place to find the gem Benitoite .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina , on 1891 - 05 - 20 . A Rear Admiral by profession , Alberto Teisaire , worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . and performed as a test pilot . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 and was in space 100305 minutes . He is retired now .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Gangsta rap is grouped under Hip hop , the genre of Ace Wilder .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) is from Spain and contains water .
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients of Arem - arem which is found nationwide in Indonesia but is more specific to Java .
The Democratic Party ( U . S . ) is headquartered in Washington , D . C .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Baked Alaska can be served as a dessert . The latter dish comes from France where Manuel Valls is the leader .
Athough Allen Forrest was originally a solo singer , he performs rhythm and blues music and was born in Fort Campbell , KY and was raised in Dothan , AL .
Adams County , Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County , while Carroll County in Maryland lies to the southeast . Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property .
Alan Frew ' s who is from Newmarket Ontario , Canada , started performing in 1983 .
Sweet potato , part of the order of Solanales , are the main ingredient of the dish , Binignit . The dish also contains sago .
The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is " Nurturing Excellence " and there is an academic staff of 500 .
Aaron Turner is a performer of the musical genre Post metal which uses the cello . He played with Twilight and currently is a member of the Mamiffer band .
Alan B . Miller Hall is situated in Virginia , United States and is owned by the College of William and Mary . The Mason School of Business are the current tenants .
Buzz Aldrin was born with the name Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr .
The leader in Spain is Felipe VI of Spain .
The Atlas II came from the U . S . the capital city of which is Washington D . C .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and published in hardback with 560 pages .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rhythm and blues , which originated from the blues .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc D and served as a fighter pilot .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where the capital is Washington DC and Auburn , Alabama is located .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – BarajasAirport is in Alcobendas and is operated by the company ENAIRE , which is located in Madrid , Spain .
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The dish is part of Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department .
The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell , who published Addiction ( journal ) , which has the ISSN number of 1360 - 0443 .
Binignit includes the sweet potato as a main ingredient , and sago .
Audi was founded by August Horch and makes the Audi A1 as well as having a subsidiary Lamborghini .
There are 23 floors at 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . T . S . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan have been leaders of India .
The country of origin of the ALV X - 1 is the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem .
The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich . One of the ingredients of the BLT Sandwich is Tomato and Bacon sandwich is a variation of it . This one is popular in the UK , which head of state is Elizabeth II .
William Anders was an American fighter pilot , born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 1933 . He retired on September 1 , 1969 .
The Dodge manufactured 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom and the Chrysler Newport are related means of transportation . The Desoto Custom ' s successor is the DeSoto Firedome .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was put into print and written by Eric Flint . It can be located by the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Abradab was born in Poland and one of the country ' s ethnic groups is Kashubians .
The ALV X - 1 diameter is 1 . 524 metres .
Aaron Hunt belongs to the youthclub SV Werder Bremen and the Goslarer SC 08 . He plays for Hamburger SV .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length . It was built by Montreal Locomotive Works .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwadan Moyine and many other artists . He performs trance which has its origin in pop music .
110 Lydia , mass 6 . 7kg , has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 . Its epoch date is 31 December 2006 and the escape velocity is 0 . 0455 km / s .
Elliot See died in St . Louis .
The AMC Matador includes the model year of 1971 and was assembled in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
Bananaman , first aired 3 / 10 / 1983 , stars Graeme Garden .
A T Charlie Johnson edits AIP Advances published by the American Institute of Physics . He is from the United States and his alma mater is Stanford University .
The United States largest city is New York City and the capital is Washington , D . C . Atlantic City , New Jersey is also located in this country and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Buzz Aldrin , now retired , is a US national , being born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes .
Peter Stoger plays for SK Rapid Wien and is the manager of 1 . FC Koln .
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio .
Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City , Manhattan , New York , United States .
The Antares rocket function is a medium expendable launch system manufactured by Orbital ATK and was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C , and The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem .
One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk and this dish can be found in the Philippines .
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport , where the runway name is 10R / 28L .
Born in Uruguay , Alfredo Zitarrosa has background in solo singing . His musical genre is Candombe and his recording label is Odeon Records .
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by the Caterpillar Inc . engine from the US .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where Barack Obama was the previous president . The capital city is Washington D . C . and the country includes many Asian Americans .
Singer and avant - garde metal musician Aaron Turner , formerly of Sumac , is with the band Isis .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight known for performing black metal music .
Aaron Bertram plays for Kids imagine nation band and also Suburban Legend whose musical genre is rock music and has Brian Robertson as trombonist .
Buzz Aldrin , whose birth name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . , has won 20 awards . He was a crew member of the Apollo 11 that had William Anders as backup pilot . The Apollo 11 program was organized by NASA .
Ajoblanco ( alternatively known as Ajo blanco ) comes from Spain and has garlic as an ingredient .
Elliot See was a student at the University of Texas in Austin which competes in the Big 12 Conference , is part of the University of Texas system and has as its mascot , Hook ' em .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . In 1962 , William Anders received a M . S . from his alma Mater , AFIT , and he joined NASA in 1963 . He was a test pilot for Apollo 8 . He retired on September 1st in 1969 .
Aleksandra Kovac became active in 1990 .
The area codes for Alpharetta , Georgia are 770 , 404 and 678 .
Airey Neave was involved in the Battle of France and he ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
The Aston Martin Virage , which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Vintage , is related to the Aston Martin DBS manufactured by Aston Martin .
William Anders retired on September 1 , 1969 .
Anderson , led by the Democratic Party of the US , the headquarters of which are in Washingtion D . C . in the United States . Anderson , is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , in Indiana .
Caterpillar Inc is located in the United States .
The AIDS journal is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was started on 11th July 1907 .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone which was founded in Turin , in Italy .
The length of ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres .
The Battle of Salem Church , where Aaron S Daggett fought and Robert E Lee was a commander , was part of the American Civil War .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish – Soviet War , which was part of the Russian Civil War military conflict .
ACF Fiorentina , who competed in the 2014 season has the fullname of ACF Fiorentina S . p . A . . They currently have 47290 members .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students enrolled .
At 167 . 94 metres above sea level , Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Awadh ) where Ram Naik is the leader .
The Aston Martin V8 was munufatered by Aston Martin in the United Kingdom ( whose ruler is Queen Elizabeth II ) . It is comparable to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
With a runway length of 1 , 873 , Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jerse y ( part of Atlantic County ) in the United States .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is found in the region of Indonesia and Singapore .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . He is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
The Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
The first runway at Alderney airport , which serves Alderney , has an asphalt surface .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway surface made of poaceae . The runway name , which is 497 . 0 in length , is 08 / 26 .
The height of 3 arena is 28 metres .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore , India has B M Reddy as President and Dr G P Prabhukumar as it ' s Director . There are 700 postgraduate students and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The assembly line on the AMC Matador is in Port Melbourne , Victoria .
Abradab performs hip hop music which originated from Funk .
1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km and its average speed is 37 . 16 km per second .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and Singapore . The leader of the latter is Tony Tan and the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java .
Alex Day was born in the United Kingdom , the capital of which , is London . The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop , a form of both pop music and House music .
1000 Piazzia , formerly known as 1967 ED , has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . Its epoch is 27th June 2015 .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , which parent company is Wolters Kluwer . It is from the United Kingdom , where the leader is David Cameron and the capital is London .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is the keyperson at Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in California and located in Illinois . The company powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises .
Ab Klink ' s place of birth , was Stellendam , in the Netherlands .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in Jazz . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap .
Aaron Turner plays drone music .
Adam Koch was born in Suwałki and was involved in battles in the Polish - Soviet war . The Polish Soviet war was a conflict within the Russian Civil War during which Joseph Stalin served as a commander .
Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 and are located in Pacific Grove , California .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and its runway length is 4000 .
Musical Artist , Aleksandra Kovač is associated with fellow musical artists Bebi Dol and Kristina Kovač . The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is rhythm and blues .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment , 3Arena is located in Dublin , Criona Ni Dhalaigh was the Lord Mayor of Dublin .
Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) is from the Derbyshire Dales region . It can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and includes the ingredients ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Amarillo is in Potter County , Texas in the United States , a country where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Andra performs rhythm and blues music and is a singer associated with the singer Puya .
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa .
Ahmed Ertegun plays rhythm and blues which is originated from blues and disco music is one of its derivative . Ahmet is coming from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , or Alfa Romeo 168 , a straight - four engine , is in the executive class .
William M . O . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland and died in Charleston , West Virginia . He was preceded by Albert B . White , who was born in Cleveland .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine and is built by the American Locomotive Company .
Allan Shivers ' birthplace was Lufkin , Texas and he was a member of the Democratic Party , U . S . and Lieutenant Governor of Texas . Price Daniel succeeded him .
The alternative name of Ahmet Ertegun is A . Nugetre and his musical genre is rhythm and blues from which Disco music is derived .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry was established in 2000 , and is considered a Contributing Property . It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , in Adams County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 .
Abner W . Sibal was born on the 11th April 1921 .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain which is led by Felipe VI . The country uses the Euro as its currency and the main language is Spanish .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas and is located in the United States where the English language is spoken .
Adisham Hall is styled as Tudor Revival and found in Haputale .
Celery is a member of the family Apiaceae .
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit , which is a dessert course . Sandesh is also a dessert .
10 Hygiea , discovered by Annibale de Gasparis on 27th June 2015 , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 . It was formally known as A900 GA .
The language used in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish .
The Serie A champions are Juventus F . C .
Asam pedas ( from the Malay Peninsula region ) comes from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia . The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Andra who is a rhythm and blues singer is associated with Marius Moga and with the band CRBL .
House of Low Culture singer , Aaron Turner , could be described as a ' black metal music ' performer . Death metal is a genre of black metal .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , which can be abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , is academically focused on Paleontology .
Akeem Priestley is a player for the Harbour View F . C .
SAGE Publications founded by Sara Miller McCune publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula .
Atlantic City International Airport , run by the port authorities of New York and New jersey , ha a runway length of 1 , 873 .
Stuart Parker the football player is part of the KV Mechelen club , plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton and has managed AFC Blackpool .
January 2014 was the start date of building 250 Delaware Avenue which has 12 floors in Buffalo , New York .
Bhajji come from India where Sumitra Mahajan leads the Indian people .
In Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , the leader is called , the United States House of Representatives .
Agnes Kant has Netherland nationality , where the euro is the currency .
Aarhus Airport is 25 . 0 metres above the sea level .
With grounds in Verona , AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league , of which Juventus FC have been champions .
Anders Osborne has collaborated with Kirk Joseph .
The language Faroese is spoken in Denmark .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press who are based in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
250 Delaware Avenue in the United States cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
Peter Stöger is manager of FC Kolin , as well as playing for SC Wiener Neustadt . He is also in the SK Vorwärts Steyr and FC Admira Wacker Mödling clubs .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit .
Altona Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria - Hungary .
Akron Summit Assault have their home ground at St Vincent St Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States .
England , which has the capital of London , is the location of Dead Man ' s Plack , a rock formation dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Albert E . Austin succeeded Alfred N . Phillips .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and his alma mater is Leiden University . He worked as a Member of the House of Representatives and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
AIDAluna is in service .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra has played for the Al - Khor Sports Club in the Qatar Stars League .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37 . 16 kilometres per second .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , United States . Austin is the capital of Texas .
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long .
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2 . 7kg and an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 kilometres .
Lazio ' s regional Amatriciana sauce includes Pecorino Romano .
The capital of Argentina is Buenos Aires and its leader is Mauricio Macri . ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) derives from Argentina and Argentines live there .
Alan Frew is a rock musician from Canada , a place where French is spoken . Rock music originated from country music and is an element of the fusion genre bhangra .
The asteroid called 10 Hygiea , has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec . Its surface area is 837080 . 744 square kilometres , and it has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 .
103 Hera , that has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian National who graduated from the University of Michigan . Watson later died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Paul Ryan is a leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The leader of the United States is called the President and the capital city is Washington DC .
ISSN number 0269 - 9370 is the AIDS journal .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia , where Valentina Matviyenko is the leader .
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Anzio , has played for the Italian national under 16 football team and has also represented UC Sampdoria .
Canada is Aaron Boogaards place of birth . That country is led by Elizabeth II and has its anthem named O Canada . French is spoken there .
AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , who have the parent company Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer . The journal is from the United Kingdom where the language spoken is English .
The AIDAstella , built by Meyer Werft , located in Papenburg , is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by the AIDA Cruise Line . It is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
A . F . C . Blackpool has 1500 members and play at their ground , Jepson Way .
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the spoken language is English . It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 .
The editors of AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv ) are Vicent H . Crespi , Bernard S . Gerstman , A . T . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka and Enge G . Wang . The coden code for AIP Advances is AAIDBI .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas and was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch .
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and it is 4000 in length .
The Colombian dish , Bandeja paisa , is from the Antioquia Department region , and includes avocado which is part of the Lauraceae family .
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and are in the 3 Liga league . During the 2014 - 2015 they played in the Regionalliga .
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Danish language is spoken . Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region is the location of Aarhus airport .
Austin Texas is part of Williamson County .
August Pugin was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster .
Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina , worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate while Labour Party member Juan Perón was President . Teisaire was succeeded in office by Isaac Rojas .
Adam Koc is from Poland , where Polish is the language spoken and the Romani people are an ethnic group .
Anderson in the United States is part of both Union and Anderson Townships , Madison County , Indiana . It is led by the US Democratic Party which has headquarters on South Capitol Street .
The ALV X - 1 had 1 launch failure .
The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium . Antwerp International Airport located there serves Antwerp . German is spoken there .
The language spoken in Russia is Russian .
The creators of Bolt , the comic character with the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky , are Gary Cohn and Paris Cullins .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab Pakistan . Lahore is located in Pakistan where the leader is Nawaz Sharif .
The population density , of Auburn ( Washington ) , is 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 77 . 41 sq kms .
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 in Perth , Australia . It has a total of 50 floors and cost 120m Australian dollars .
The Atlas II comes from the U . S . which have an ethnic group called Native Americans .
11264 Claudiomaccone , with a rotation period of 11473 . 9 , has an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres .
Born in 1981 in Dothan , Alabama , the solo singer Allen Forrest is a performer of hip hop music .
Agnes Kant worked for the Socialist Party in the Netherlands .
Ayam penyet , whose main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal , is popular in the Malaysian region of Java . One of the ethnic groups in Java is Banyumasan people .
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg , part of the American Civil War conflict , during which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Alexander Nouri is the manager for SV Werder Bremen II , the former club of Aaron Hunt . who plays for Vfl Wolfsburg . The league Vfl Wolfsburg play in is Bundesliga .
The Alvis Speed 25 is classed as a Full - size car and has a straight - six engine and a wheelbase of 127 inches . Its production began in 1937 and it has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division and their ground is in Metapán .
Rolando Maran plays for Carrarese Calcio .
Spaniards and Arros negre come from Spain .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is Otkrytiye Arena . Mr . Prudnikov ' s club is also FC Anzhi Makhachkala .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , has 512 pages and was published in print with the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , which is in Iraq , where Fuad Masum is the leader and the Kurdish languages are spoken .
A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has 1174 pages . The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena and is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia although he plays for Calcio Catania .
Buzz Aldrin , who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc . D in 1963 , has won 20 awards .
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , has a runway length of 3453 . 0 .
The number of students at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 , is 600 .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara .
Marriott International was founded in Washington , D . C by Bill Marriott , it is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra . Malays and Bataks are ethnic groups of Sumatra .
The 360 - page " A Loyal Character Dancer , " has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
Alan Bean is originally from Wheeler in Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He then went on to become a test pilot and became a member of the Apollo 12 crew where he spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
Abilene is part of Texas in the U . S . where English is the spoken language . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain , The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig .
The Ardmore Airport of New Zealand ' s runway length is 1411 . Its runway name is 07 / 25 and is 34 meters above sea level . The surface of the third one is made with Poaceae .
William Anders , who graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S went onto become a crew member of the Apollo 8 mission . Frank Borman accompanied him on the mission which was operated by NASA , whilst the back up pilot was Buzz Aldrin .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km .
Addiction Journal has the CODEN Code ADICE5 . and is often abbreviated as Addiction .
Alan Shepard graduated with an M . A . from NWC in 1957 and later received the Distinguished Service Medal from the U . S . Navy , an award that is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal , retired on August 1st , 1974 .
Singapore ' s leader is Tony Tan and one of the country ' s spoken language is English . Beef kway teow is made there and Indonesia too .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where English is the main language and one of its leaders is Joe Biden .
Americans and African Americans are ethnic groups in the United States . One of these states is called Georgia which has a capitol city called Albany .
The leader of the United States has a title of President .
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom which has the capital city of London and is lead via the European Parliament . The UK is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia , Alba , is Uab .
109 Felicitas , with the rotation period of 47487 . 6 , has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong , has 360 pages and is in print .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 , and the rotaional period is 11473 . 9 .
Albert White was born on 22nd September 1856 and he died in Parkersburg West Virginia .
Richard A . Teague ' s employer is General Motors .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President , who incidentally served in the Nigerian Navy . Akhigbe succeeded Oladipo Diya while Abubakar was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo .
A Loyal Character Dancer written by Qiu Xiaolong is in print and has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
The dish arem arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . In Indonesia , the currency is called the Indonesian rupiah , the language spoken is Indonesian and a leader is Joko Widodo .
Stellendam was the birthplace of Ab Klink , who belonged to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . Ab Klink worked at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in Netherlands and attended , Erasmus University in Rotterdam .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and the capital city is Rome .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who represented Asajaya , was born in Miri , Malaysia on 21 May 1936 . He lived in Sarawak and was a member of the Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak party .
Anaheim , California has a UTC offset of - 7 and covers a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
The Star Spangled Banner is the anthem of the United States , with its capital at Washington D . C . The U . S . , led by the President , is home to African Americans and the ALV X - 1 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , U . S . whose citizens are Tejano . Spanish is spoken there .
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba , Romania . Its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis . " Romania is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis , an ethnic German of Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians ( written in English ) is from the United States , where White Americans are an ethnic group .
4 / 22 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport .
Al Asad Airbase , located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , is operated by the United States Air Force . Its runway name is 08 / 26 and its length 3990 .
Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in Canada which is where Aaron Boogaard was born .
The fullname of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas where Austin is the capital city and the state is in the U . S . where English is spoken .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a straight - four engine .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department in Colombia . One of the ingredient is lemon which is a member of the Rutaceae family .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ( established 2000 ) of Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
At 252 metres long , the AIDAluna , is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
The designers of the Turkish martyrs memorial are Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
Asser Levy Public Baths located at Avenue A , Manhattan . and constructed in 1904 .
The BLT is a variation of the Club Sandwich and bacon sandwich , and contains tomato .
Two leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher , the country is also home to baked Alaska which hails from Hong Kong .
The population density of Atlantic City , New Jersey is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu member Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He was succeeded by University of Adelaide alum Adenan Satem .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California and is led by The United States House of Representatives . Parts of California speak Chinese .
Ahmed Kadhim Assad plays for Al Shorta SC but used to play for Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . , which was managed by Adnan Hamad .
Albert B . White is a member of the Republican Party of the United States and was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns , the latter of which is a house music performer . Jwaydan Moyine has worked with the musical artist John Digweed .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba , Romania . Its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis , " its rector is " Breaz Valer Daniel , " and its nickname is Uab .
Alison O ' Donnell is associated with Plastic Mak and plays with Mellow Candle .
Sara Miller McCune founded SAGE Publications which is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Central Español play in the Uruguayan Segunda División .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States , where Barack Obama is leader and President and the capital city is Washington DC . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
House music is the genre of musician , Christian Burns who is an associate of Andrew Rayel . Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn .
Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana is in the United States .
Annie Dunne preceded the book A Long Long Way , published by Viking Press ( located in the United States ) , which was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and played for RB Leipzig . He is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , whose leader is Barack Obama .
Barny cakes can be found in France where Manuel Valls is a leader .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Unione Triestina 2012 SSD .
Alexandria , Indiana is in Madison County in the United States . Indiana ' s capital is Indianapolis and Madison County ' s county seat is Anderson .
Auburn forms part of Pierce County , Washington , United States . The largest city of Washington state is Seattle and the capital is Olympia .
Agnes Kant , born in West Germany , graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as a member of the House of Representatives .
Atlanta is in the U . S whose capital is Washington , D . C . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . S .
10 Hygiea , with a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres , has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins , am apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , a contributing property , is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Carroll County to its southeast .
AC Chievo Verona , full name " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " , play out of Verona , Italy . They competed in the 2014 Serie A season and have 39371 members .
Akeem Ayers , who made his debut for the Tennessee Titans , used play for the St . Louis Rams . Steve Spagnuolo is the coach of the St . Louis Rams , an American football team , based in the city of St . Louis .
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900 .
Cornell University , nicknamed Cornell Big Red , and located in Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is also affiliated with both the Association of Public Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities .
The School of Business and Social Sciences is located in Aarhus and it was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association .
Attica is part of Fountain County , which has the County seat of Covington and is part of the state of Indiana in the United States , where Washington DC is the capital .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny and now plays with the FC Spartak Moscow located at the Otkrytiye Arena . FC Terek Grozny is managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . It is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania state ( in the US ) . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast and Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County .
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January in 1930 and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where he served as a Fighter Pilot and a crew member on Apollo 11 . He has since retired .
Alan Martin played for Hamilton Academical FC at their New Douglas Park ground , and is now a footballer for Aldershot Town FC .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
Andra is a rhythm and blues solo singer born in 1986 . Andra was born in Campia Turzil and in addition to being a singer , she is also a Reality TV judge .
India ' s Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and the campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . The School is affiliated with the European University Association and is led by Dean Thomas Pallesen . There are 16000 students and an academic staff of 737 .
ALV X - 1 hails from the United States where English is the language . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . where the capital is , Washington , D . C . and the Star Spangled Banner is the anthem .
Justicialist Party member Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina and succeeded by Isaac Rojas . He retained office during President Jun Peron ' rule .
Ab Klink , who was born in Stellendam , attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien , Connecticut and became Mayor of Stamford Connecticut before being succeeded by Albert E Austin .
Ballistic , also known as Kelvin Mao , is a fictional comic superhero created by Michael Manley and Doug Moench .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , in the United States , where Washington , D . C . is the capital .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , which is part of Adams County and a contributing property , is in Seminary Ridge .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . He graduated from AFIT with a M . S . in 1962 and became a fighter pilot . He retired on 09 / 01 / 1969 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren and with Mark Sima .
The Dodge 1955 is made by Dodge and is related to the Desoto Custom .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who later died of peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
Elliot See died in St Louis situated in the Kingdom of France .
Buxton is the birthplace of Tim Brooke - Taylor , who starred in Bananaman .
Alberto Teisaire was a national of Argentina , where they speak Spanish . Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and where the leader is Diego Santilli .
St . Louis was situated in the Kingdom of France .
Adisham Hall whose architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian is located in Haputale .
Al - Wakrah Sport Club play in the Qatar Stars League .
Senator Dianne Feinstein and Alan Shepard are both Californians .
Texas is located in the United States .
The musician Andres White ' s genre is alternative rock which is a music style which has a punk rock origin .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas in the United States .
The asteroid called ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14 July 2004 . It has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 . and an escape velocity of zero .
Austin in Texas is part of Travis County and Hays County , the latter of which has San Marcos as its largest city .
Dodge Co . makes the 1955 Dodge which is related to the DeSoto Custom . The latter vehicle is related to the Dodge Coronet and was replaced by the DeSoto Firedome .
Baked Alaska , from France , and cookies are types of desserts . Manuel Valls leads France .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ( established 1928 in the city of Aarhus ) is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
The Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , which was created in 1996 , is Mario Botta .
Fruit preserves are used in Bakewell tarts , a variety of bakewell pudding from Derbyshire Dales . Derbyshire Dales , located in Derbyshire , counts Patrrick McLoughlin as one of it ' s leaders .
Christian Burns does House Music and is associated with Andrew Rayel and Mark Sixma .
Sweden is the birthplace of Ace Wilder .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club and played for FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which , is located in Grozny .
Adonis Georgiadis , born in Greece , worked during Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis and Antonis Samaras ' ( born : Athens ) leaderships . Adonis Georgiadis ' successor was Makis Voridis .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who is married to Ruth Ribicoff , was born in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Aston Martin V8 , assembled in Newport Pagnell , with its 5 . 3 liter engine , is relative to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made from Asphalt .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois . He represented Vermont as Secretary of State and was followed by Homer Elihu Royce .
1089 Tama was formerly called " A894 VA ; A904 VD , it ' s epoch date is 2005 - 11 - 26 .
Born in Stellendam , Ab Klink , belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . He worked as a member of the senate and his Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam .
Built by Meyer Werft , the ship AIDAstella is253260 . 0 millimetres long . It is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises which is based in Rostock .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the class Monocotyledon .
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton ( part of which is Little Chute ) and is located in Greenville ( part of the town of Menasha ) , Wisconsin .
Germany ' s capital is Berlin and is also the location of Rostock where Neptun Werft who built the A - Rosa is situated .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , in New York , in the United States . Part of the city is Manhattan where one of the leaders is Cyrus Vance Jr .
The American Journal of Mathematics is published bi - monthly .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . Romania is led by Klaus Iohannis , an ethnic German of Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazil .
Olive oil is one ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
Albert B White was born on 22 September 1856 and died on 3 July 1941 .
The city of Antioch is located in California , where Chinese is one of the spoken languages .
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music - a musical fusion of it is called bhangra . He is from Canada where one of the official language is French .
Armin van Buuren plays House music .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) once played for Stockport County FC .
SAGE Publications , founded by Sara Miller McCune , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which has the OCLC number 1461102 .
David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders in the United Kingdom . The country uses the English language and is where Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins publishes the AIDS journal .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and were constructed in 1913 in the architectural style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " . The Grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 .
Anderson is located in Madison County , Indiana in the U . S .
The University of Texas at Austin , where Elliot See was a student and Gregory L . Fenves is president , is affiliated with the University of Texas System .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad , who plays for Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya , formerly played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . who are managed by Adnan Hamad .
Based in New York , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport . This airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , in the United States .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish – Soviet War and is a recipient of the Cross of Valour for Poland and the Legion of Honour Award .
Ab Klink ' s alma mater is Leiden University .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama in the United States .
String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns ( House ) , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Alex Plante , who has played for the club Anyang Halla , was born in Manitoba , on 09 / 05 / 1989 .
Alan Shepard died 1998 - 07 - 21 .
Angola , Indiana has a total area of 16 . 55 sq kms , is elevated 324 metres above sea level and has a population density of 524 . 5 per sq km .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia , in the United States . The country ; where English is spoken , Barack Obama is the leader , and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian whose alma mater was the University of Michigan . Mr . Watson died from peritonitis .
Albuquerque in Bernalillo County , New Mexico is governed by the New Mexico House of Representatives , where Richard J Berry is the leader . Albuquerque is found in the United States , where English is the language used .
Abilene is a part of Texas in the U . S . Austin is the capital of Texas .
The 108 St . Georges Terrace is located in Perth .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce where the leader is Matteo Renzi .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose do Pinhais , South region Brazil which serves the city of Curitiba and operated by Infraero .
Jens Hartel played for both Berliner AK 07 and FC Sachsen Leipzig . He has been manager for 1 FC Magdeburg and now plays for SV Babelsberg 03 .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . A . , the country Abraham A Ribicoff is from . He was born in Connecticut and is married to Ruth Ribicoff .
The musician Abradab originates from Katowice .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , which is led by Enda Kenny .
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece are previous champions and home ground is The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
Construction of the 3Arena , a concerts and events type building , was completed in December 2008 . The arena , which is located at East link Bridge , is 28 metres tall and was designed by the company Populous .
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney with an asphalt surfaced runway of 497m .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg , has played for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig and Berliner AK 07 as well as representing the club FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Abarth was founded in Bologna and manufactures the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe designed by Gruppo Bertone .
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for A . C . Chievo Verona and Atalanta B . C . Michele Marcolini is also the manager of A . C . Lumezzane .
The natives of Finland are known as Finns .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
Built between 1931 and 1927 , Adisham Halls is located in Haputale and has the Architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian .
Aaron S . Daggett . who was born in Maine , fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and awarded the Purple Heart .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat India . Both T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan have been leaders in India .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Aarhus , is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
Ayam penyet , which is from Java , is a dish from the region of Singapore . The main ingredients of ayma penyet , of which fried chicken is one , are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam Penyet which is found in Java , but also nationwide and in Malaysia and Singapore .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra is in the Al - Khor Sports Club .
Bacon Explosion originates from the United States , the capital of the United States is Washington , D . C . which has Barack Obama as one of it ' s leaders and White Americans as one of it ' s ethnic groups .
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade , the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed . Baade was a German national who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf and graduated from University of Gottingen .
Bhajji originates from India . Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in it .
Paris Cullins is a United States national .
Eric Flint , influenced by Robert A . Heinlein , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s predecessor 1634 : The Baltic War .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia .
The ALV X - 1 rocket , which hails from the US , has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and only had a total of one launch which was from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region , which leader is the Parliament of Catalonia , in Spain , where the currency is Euro and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and FC Amkar Perm football club .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , in London , the leaders of which are , Boris Johnson and the European Parliament .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , who has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans whose base is in Nashville , Tennessee . Ayers has since played for the Los Angeles Rams , coached by Jeff Fisher and with their home ground at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Angola , Indiana is in the United States .
Alex Plante , whose club is Anyang Halla , was born in 1989 in Brandon , Manitoba .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and is also named the Dodge Coronet .
The Atatürk Monument in İzmir is a bronze monument designed by Pietro Canonica , and inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 . It is located in Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara , the currency is the Turkish lira , and the leader is named Ahmet Davutoğlu .
Asam Pedas is a popular dish from Indonesia . The Batak and Acehnese people are separate ethnic groups in the country ' s Sumatra region .
Alex Tyus plays with the club Pallacanestro Cantù in the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Michele Marcolini , born in Italy , is part of the Atalanta B . C . club . He plays for A . C . Chievo Verona and has been manager of AC Lumezzane .
The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig .
The area code of Anderson , Indiana is 765 .
1999 SN5 was once the name of the asteroid ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which had its epoch on 13th January 2016 .
AS Roma ' s manager is Luciano Spalletti .
Rock music guitarist Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ . Rock music forms part of the fusion genre Bhangra .
Rear Admiral Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular food in Indonesia .
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164 kelvins and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec . The surface area is 837080 . 744 sq kms and it ' s apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo .
AIDS ( journal ) was first published in 1987 and comes under the academic discipline of HIV . It has the ISSN number os 0269 - 9370 .
Agnes Kant , a member of the House of Representatives , was born in Hessisch Oldendorf , lived in Doesburg and studied at the Radboud University Nijmegen .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in Connecticut and he was a member of the Democratic Party United States and a member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district . Albert E . Austin succeeded Alfred N . Phillips .
Anandiben Patel is the leader of Gujarat .
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors .
Arem arem , a main course , has the components : rice cooked in a banana leaf and vegetables or minced meat .
The comic book character Amazing - Man ' s alter ego is John Aman and it was created by Bill Everett .
Prime Minister Antonis Samaras was born in Athens and Adonis Georgiadis was a member of his office .
The abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . Its code is AMHAAJ . It has an ISSN number of 1865 - 8784 and an LCCN number of 32024459 .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , the leader of which , is the politician Daniel Martínez . Montevideo is in Uruguay which is led by Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez .
20 Fenchurch Street , a Rafael Vinoly building , is in London , a city linked to the European Parliament and headed by Boris Johnson as Mayor .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( or Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) Has an ISSN number of " 0025 - 5858 " and LCCN number of 32024459 .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County , Georgia , in the United States .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by Montreal Locomotive Works , has a cylinder count of 12 , a V12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark has 16000 students .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was the representative of the Asajaya region .
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans ( Nashville , TN ) and is a former member of the St . Louis Rams ( St . Louis ) .
Barny Cakes made with sponge originate from France . The current leader of this country is Francois Hollande alongside Claude Bartolone where most people speak French .
one of the ingredients of the BLT sandwich is Lettuce .
Dodge Co . made the 1955 Dodge car which is relative to the DeSoto Custom which in turn is similar to the Chrysler Newport car . Sergio Marchionne is an important person for Dodge Co .
The leader name of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik .
Akeem Priestley plays for Jacksonville Dolphins .
Anders Osborne ’ s musical genre is rock music and his record label is Alligator Records . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Alfred N . Phillips served in the United States Army which has battled in the Invasion of Grenada .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who in turn was in office under Antonis Samaras , Prime Minister .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , the location of the bronze Atatürk Monument in Izmir designed by Pietro Canonica .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has a density of 3 . 5 kgs .
The A - Rosa Luna ship has a 2 × MTU 16V 2000 M60 engine and is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length . Its top speed is 24 . 0 and it has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 . He worked as a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which is higher than the Dept of Commerce Gold Medal . Shepard retired on Aug 1 , 1974 and later died in California .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 and its final flight was on December 18 , 2004 . It was manufactured by The European Space Agency .
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is trance music , is associated with , musician Jwaydan Moyine and musical artist Armin van Buuren .
The comic character Bolt , was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon .
condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches .
Aleksandr Prudnikov playes for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Terek Grozny . The latter is based in Grozny and the manager is Rashid Rakhimov .
Adam Holloway fought in the Gulf War , a war where John Major was one of the commanders .
Above the Veil followed the book Aenir which is written in English and the ISBN number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly is Admin . Sci . Q . and it comes under the academic discipline of Management .
Alpena Michigan is a country in United States .
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard . Sauli Niinistö is a leader in Finland .
Aleksander Barkov Jr . was born in Tampere , Finland , on the 2nd September 1995 . His height is 1 . 905m and his club is the Florida Panthers .
The building at 20 Fenchurch Street was started in January 2009 and completed in April 2014 . It has 34 floors , and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
The demonym for the people of Texas is Tejano and the spoken language is English . The state is the location of Andrews County airport and has the capital city of Austin .
The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn .
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin . Greenville is part of the town of Menasha and Ellington , Wisconsin .
1000 Piazzia was discovered on the 27 - 06 - 2015 and has a mass of 1 . 1kgs .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron ( a member of the Labour Party in Argentina ) was President .
A . S . Roma ' s chairman is James Pallotta , who was born in Boston .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which originated from jazz music . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia and uses the area code of 404 . With a total area of 347 . 1 sq km it covers 344 . 9 sq km and has a population density is 1299 inhabitants per sq km .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where the leader is Alexis Tsipras .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in the Historic District of the Monocacy National Battlefield was established on July 11th , 1907 .
Washington , D . C is the capital of the United States .
Walter Baade ' s doctoral student was Halton Arp .
Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level .
German located , AIDA Cruises , is the operator of the AIDAluna .
Aaron Deer is an American from Indiana who is a performer of the music genre indie rock . He has a background as a solo singer and plays with The Horns of Happiness .
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen whose manager is Viktor Skrypnyk . His present club is Hamburger SV that is in the Bundesliga .
The leader of the Association for Computing Machinery is Alexander L . Wolf .
Ahmet Ertegun performed rhythm and blues whose derivative is the disco . He is originally from Washington D . C . and died in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Sandesh is a dish that can be served as dessert , as is Baked Alaska which contains sponge cake .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is the Uruguay National football team and he also played for Penarol .
B Zellner discovered 107 Camilla .
Akita Prefecture is located in Japan .
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia - formerly known as 1923 NZ1951OB - is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz and has been signed to Static Caravan Recordings and Deram Records in London . Funk is a derivative of jazz .
Adonis Georgiadis , who was succeeded by Makis Voridis , belonged to the New Democracy Party in Greece which is represented by the colour blue . He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister who in turned served in office when Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister of Greece .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , two of the derivatives of which , are funk and disco .
Abner W . Sibal , a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , was succeeded by , Donald J . Irwin .
199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight - four engine and has a two door coupe body style .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , U . S . He died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
One of the commanders during the American Civil War was Robert E Lee . The conflict included the Battle of Gettysburg in which Aaron S Daggett took part and was awarded the Purple Heart .
The discoverer of 101 Helena is the Canadian James Craig Watson . He studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine , a 3 - speed automatic transmission and a station wagon style body .
Alpharetta , is part of Fulton County , in Georgia .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 .
103 Hera has an average speed of 18 . 09 kilometres per second .
Alan Shepard has died in California . He was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire and served as crew on the Apollo 14 mission . Prior to his retirement on 1 August 1974 he had been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , an award higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal .
The celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia was formerly known as 1967 ED .
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit and was awarded the Order of the British Empire .
Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on August 11th 2005 and its final flight was on the 18th December 2009 . It has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres . Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and was launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
George Kapitan created the comic character Airman .
20 Fenchurch Street , designed by the architect Rafael Viñoly , is located in London which is governed by Boris Johnson and the United Kingdom ' s Parliament .
Agnes Kant is a Netherlands Socialist Party ( led by Emile Remer ) member and national . The Netherlands is also led by Mark Rutte .
Attica is part of Fountain County , Indiana in the United States . The state capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
Attica is part of Fountain County , Indiana in the United States . The capital city of the United States is Washington DC .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the United States which is the location of Akron . It is located in Summit County , Ohio and led by the Mayor .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , the leader of which , is politician , Daniel Martínez . Montevideo is in the country of Uruguay which is led by Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish originating from Indonesia and also commonly found in Singapore .
Aaron Turner is an exponent of Sludge metal .
The location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport is ABI .
Americans inhabit the U . S . and an ethnic group in that country are Asian Americans . Austin , Texas is also located in the U . S .
Completed in 1985 , 200 Public Square has 45 floors , covering 111484 square metres .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore . The airport has a runway named 18L / 36R which is 3310 . 0 in length .
Allen Forrest plays acoustic music . He was born in Fort Campbell and was originally a solo singer .
Aaron Turner , electric guiraist , performs black metal music for Mamiffer . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Aenir is available in print and was written by Garth Nix .
Alan Tukyk stars in the film , Big Hero 6 in which Baymax , created by the American Duncan Rouleau , is also a character .
The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) .
Bakewell tart comes from the Derbyshire Dales region .
Born in Sweden ( 1982 ) , singer Ace Wilder , has a background as a solo singer .
The main ingredient of Binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago . The dish comes from the Philippines .
Adam Koc fought in World War 1 and was awarded the Cross of Independence and the order of Polonia Restituta .
Airey Neave , started his career on 30th June 1953 , was involved in the Battle of France , and ended his career on , 30th March 1979 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , Hungary .
The architectural style of Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka is Tudor and Jacobean .
The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and it has 600 students .
The Alvis Speed 25 was first manufactured in 1937 , and is classed as a Full - size car . It has a wheelbase of 127 inches , and an engine capable of producing 31 . 48 tax horsepower . The transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and a spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
Alfred N . Phillips successor was Albert E . Austin .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States where the anthem is the Star Spangled Banner and African Americans are among the ethnic groups .
Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau created the character Baymax , which first appeared in the movie Big Hero 6 .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand .
Alison O ' Donnell can play the autoharp and jazz music ( funk is a derivative of jazz ) .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , which leader is Prokopis Pavloopoulos and the language is Greek .
Abel Hernandez was born in Uruguay .
Alvis Speed 25 , with a straight six engine , was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company in Coventry .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain and was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch and Felipe Gonzalez ( predecessor Rodolfo Llopis ) was Prime Minister .
A Severed Wasp was published by Farrar , Straus , and Giroux , a subsidiary of Macmillan Publishers .
Aaron Turner was born in the United States and began performing in 1995 . His musical genre is black metal and he has played with the band Twilight and also Old Man Gloom .
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies and for Orange County Blues FC who are managed by Oliver Wyss .
The orbital period for 110 Lydia is 142603000 . 0 .
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio , Italy . It includes tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
Alhambra is owned by the P & O company which is located in London .
Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight , which was created by John Buscema .
The leader of Blackpool is the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap .
A . F . C . Fylde ( full name Association Football Club Fylde ) is located in the county of Lancashire . The club competed in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa is Pork belly .
The 3Arena is located at " North Wall Quay . " , and was built by the company Populous .
Psychedelic folk musician Alison O ' Donnell is signed with London ' s Deram Records . O ' Donnell was formerly signed with Stanyan Records .
Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 , which has 12 cylinders . The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length , has a four - stroke engine . and a diesel - electric transmission .
Abilene Regional Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 546 .
The county seat of Tarrant County in Texas is Fort Worth .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Blackburn Rovers F . C . Manages A . F . C . Blackpool and is a member of Chesterfield F . C .
The alma Mater of Alfred Moore Scales , who was succeeded by the politician James W . Reid , is the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The United States Army took part in battles in the Korean War .
Buzz Aldrin war born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , who was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . His nationality is US and NASA selected him in 1963 . He was performed as a fighter pilot and graduated from Massachusetts Institude of Technology , Sc . D , 1963 .
The 10R / 28L runway which is 2777 . 0 meters long is located in Aarhus Airport which is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation .
English is the spoken language of both Great Britain and United States . The US is where A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press .
William M . O . Dawson , born in Bloomington , Maryland and died in Charleston , West Virginia , was successor to Albert B . White . White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property . Cumberland County , Pa is to the north of Adams County and Carroll County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County .
Apollo 14 crew member Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the U . S . Navy , an award that ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Shepard was born in New Hampshire , graduated from N . W . C . with an M . A . in 1957 and in 1974 on August 1st , he retired .
Akeem Priestley played for the youth club Connecticut Huskies .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , also known as the Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan where the Prime Minister leads the country and the capital city is Baku .
Created by Paul Kupperberg , the book character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn .
Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States where one of the ethnic groups in the United States is African Americans and the capital is Washington D . C . ; the people of the United States are called Americans and the leader has the title President of the United States .
Angola , Indiana is located in the United States .
MTU Friedrichshafen of Friedrichshafen , owned by Rolls - Royce Holdings , manufactures the A - Rosa Luna engine .
Anaheim is part of California where the English language is spoken .
Allen Forrest is an acoustic solo singer born in Dothan , Alabama .
The AMC Matador , which includes a 1974 model , was built at Port Melbourne , Australia .
These novels were written in the following order : Castle , Aenir , Above the Veil , Into Battle and The Violet Keystone .
Akeem Priestley was born in Kingston Jamaica .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Jaish SC in Syria .
Once a member of The Wildweeds , Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ which are exponents of Country music .
Atlas II originates from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC . The inhabitants of the country are called Americans and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
The book Aenir , by Garth Nix , is available in paperback and has the OCLC number 45644811 .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California which is in the San Francisco Bay area . Some parts of California speak Chinese and The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Antioch , California .
Aleksandr Prudnikov who is a member of the youth side of Fc Spartak Moscow whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena also plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz .
The Antares rockets maiden flight was on the 28th October 2014 .
The United States Army has battled in the Invasion of Grenada .
Adare Manor ' s architect was George Richard Pain .
Doug Moench has won an Eagle Award .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property , and is located in the municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvania . This county is to the east of Franklin County , and has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County ( Maryland ) to its southeast .
The Acharya Institute of Technology has its campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Alexandria is part of Indiana , the capital of which , is Indianapolis . Alexandria is part of Monroe township , Madison County , in Indiana , where the language spoken is American English .
Concerts and events are hosted at 3Arena in Dublin which was designed by HOK SVE . The arena is 28 metres high and was completed in December 2008 .
Connecticut born Abraham A Ribicoff , who died in the United States , once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office . He was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java where the fried chicken dish ayam penyet that originated in Singapore can be found .
Aaron Turner sings for a living and performs ambient music .
The Mayor is the leader in Auburn , Washington .
The architect Alfred Giles was born in England .
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is available in print .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co who makes the Acura TLX with an Inline - four engine .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the language is Spanish .
The Atlas II originates from the United States and launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Abel Hernandez played for Central Espanol and now plays for US Citta di Palermo .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , born 24th February 1989 , played for played for FC Spartak Moscow and his club is FC Dynamo Moscow .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan , which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which can be found in Italy .
Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 postgraduate students .
Alfred Moore Scales , who was born in Reidsville , North Carolina , graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and is a member of the Democratic Party . He became governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle .
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type . It is owned by the P & O company located in London .
Designed by Gruppo Bertone and produced by the Abarth Co , Bologna , was the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
The manager of A . C . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who was at FC Bari 1908 but currently plays for A . C . Chievo Verona .
Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle with a V6 engine and a front engine design . It is assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
Jens Hartel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig but is now manager of FC Magdeburg . His own club is Berliner AK 07 and he is also part of 1 FC Union Berlin .
Albany is the largest city in Linn County , Oregon .
3 Arena is located in Dublin .
The official language in Finland is the Finnish language .
A . C . Lumezzane is in the Lega Pro / A league and has 4150 members .
Austin , Texas is located within the United States whose inhabitants are known as Americans .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , part of New York in the US .
Attica , Indiana is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana U . S . where the capital is Washington D . C .
Alan Frew is from Newmarket , Ontario in Canada and is a solo singer . He began performing in 1983 and played with the Glass Tiger band .
The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak and his alma mater is the University of Adelaide . Abdul Taib Mahmud , lives in Kuching , belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and was succeeded by , Adenan Satem .
The UNited States is home to Native Americans and Americans as well as the origin of the ALV X - 1 .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán and is a member of the club FC Dallas , as well as of the El Salvador national football team .
Aaron Turner is a singer and performer in Post metal music .
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio and manages AS Roma .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . the country of Abraham A Ribicof . Abraham A Ribicoff ; was born in New Britain , Connecticut , married Ruth Ribicoff , and died in New York .
The Alhambra , which was eventually wrecked , was launched on 31 May 1855 . It has a top speed of 18 . 52 , a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a length of 63800 . 0 mms .
The natives of the UK are the British people and the currency is the pound sterling . The country is led by Elizabeth II and is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
Audi A1 is made by Audi .
Located at Paracuellos de Jarama , Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE which is in the city of Madrid , in Spain .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 before going on to be awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy ( which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . ) . He died in California .
Ace Wilder ' s musical genre is Hip hop , a music which originated from funk music .
Acharya Institute of Technology ( motto : " Nurturing Excellence " ) was established in 2000 and is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum .
Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States which is where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Aleksandra Kovač is part of the K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S , where the people are called Americans and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Aaron Boogaard ' s birthplace is Canada ; where the O Canada is the national anthem and which is led by Elizabeth II .
The former name of 1089 Tama is " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " , its epoch date is 26 November 2005 .
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesaraya Technological University in Bangalore . Its founder is Kempe Gowda .
Luxury vehicle Acura TLX is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant . It has a V6 engine and an AWD vehicle layout .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , born in the Kingdom of Sarawak on May 21st 1936 , lives in Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He represented the Asajaya region .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , which is a part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea is an asteroid with the epoch date 27 June 2015 . It has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km , an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec .
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo . He was the successor to Abdul Taib Mahmud who lived in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden was once a leader and Washington D . C . is the capital . White Americans are one ethnic group there .
N R Pogson , who died in Chennai , discovered 107 Camilla .
The density of 410777 2009 FD is 1890 . 0 kg / cubic metres .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion .
The CODEN code " ADICE5 " is for Addiction ( journal ) .
Aaron Boogaard came from Canada . The Slavey language is spoken in Canada .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft which located in Rostock , in Germany , the leader of which , is Joachim Gauck .
The footballer , Abner , was born on 30 / 05 / 1996 . He played for the football club Real Madrid Castilla and is a footballer for the CD FAS club .
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres and an average speed of 18 . 09 km / s .
The municipality for the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer penned by Qiu Xiaolong is 49805501 .
A . C . Chievo Verona play in Serie A .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and has a mass of 5 . 7 kilos . 1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and one of his notable works is A Romance of the Dark Ages . He also wrote A Glastonbury Romance .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 in the architectural style of American Craftsman at Pacific Grove , California . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
The American Journal of Mathematics , or Am . J . Math . , was published in 1878 with a ISSN number of 0002 - 9327 .
Al Anderson is a singer for the band NRBQ .
Buzz Aldrin was selected to work for NASA in 1963 and has since retired .
1036 Ganymed has an epoch date of October 22nd 2004 .
1001 Gaussia ' s - formerly known as A911 MD , epoch date was 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days .
Anaheim , California has a UTC offset of - 7 , its area codes are 657 and 714 and its total area is 131 . 6 sq km .
United States citizen Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin , B . S . in 1955 and is now retired .
A Long Long Way is 292 pages and was published in print and paperback with the OCLC number 57392246 .
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " .
AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
Derbyshire has an area within it called the Derbyshire dales where Bakewell pudding originates .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen , the country ' s religion is the Church of Denmark and its government type is a magistrate .
The Alhambra ship beam is 8 . 3m but is now wrecked .
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player and musician in the Lotus Eaters band and the band Twilight . Twilight performs black metal music , of which Death metal is a musical fusion .
Auburn is part of Pierce County , Washington in the United States ( capital : Washington D . C . ) .
A Bacon Explosion is a dish from the US where Joe Biden is a political leader and the capital city is Washington DC .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , which is a part of Atlantic County , located in New Jersey , in the United States . The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which has its headquarters at Four World Trade Center .
The area code for Alexandria , Indiana is 765 .
Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 1510 . 0 and is operated by The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works .
The Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) has a 21 . 2 m long shipbeam .
Alfred Garth Jones makes a living as an Illustrator .
One of the ethnic Groups of the United States ( where the capital city is Washington D . C ) is African American . Additionally , A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States .
Ace Wilder ' s genre is Electropop .
Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 is operated by the United States Air Force .
The Aston Martin V8 , made in the , Queen Elizabeth II led , U . K . , is relative to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage ( Aston Martin ) .
Alpharetta in Georgia has a total area of 55 . 4 square kilometres and elevated 346 . 0 metres above sea level . Alpharetta , Georgia has area codes 770 , 404 , and 678 and its population density is 992 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometres .
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' .
The United Kingdom ' s currency is Pound sterling .
103 Hera was discovered by Canadian James Craig Watson who studied at the University of Michigan and died of peritonitis .
Bakso , which contains celery , is popular all over Indonesia where it originated , and other Southeastern Asian countries .
In the Philippines , the spoken languages is Philippine Spanish , it ' s also where Batchoy comes from and home to Chinese Filipino people .
A bacon sandwich , usually containing added condiments , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino has a staff of 100 and 600 students .
The area codes for Atlanta are 404 , 678 and 470 .
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 6 , 573 feet .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S and was launched from Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
200 Public Square , with 45 floors covering 111484 square metres , is located in Cleveland and was completed in 1985 .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where Amharic is the language spoken . Key leaders of Ethiopia include Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome .
Allama Iqbal International Airport , located in Pakistan and serving the city of Lahore , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The runway name at the airport is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
The Colombian dish , Bandeja paisa , originates from the Paisa region . Its main ingredients include red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharrón , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . and the CODEN code " ATISET " . The LCCN number is 89646863 .
John Roberts is the Chief Justice of the USA which is led by the President . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country which uses the English language and where one of the ethnic groups are White Americans .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 mms in length and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra is in the Al - Khor Sports Club in Al Khor and plays for the AL Kharaitiyat SC which is part of the Qatar Stars League . The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim .
Ab Klink was born on 2nd November 1958 .
Agustin Barboza was born on March 5 , 1913 and has a background in solo singing . The genre Guarania , is the musical genre that Agustin Barboza is involved in .
The Atlas II is launched from the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 , which is operated by the US Air Force .
Alfons Gorbach , who was born in Imst , was in office during President Adolf Schärf ' s reign .
Aleksander Barkov , Jr . was born in 1995 in Tampere , Finland and has played for the Florida Panthers .
The capital of South Africa is Cape town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa . There are various ethnic groups within South Africa which include both Asian South Africans and White South Africans . Additionally , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C . league in Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members also played in the league in 2015 .
Denmark is governed by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and is also home to the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is located in the city of Aarhus positioned with Mols to it ' s northeast . The school has strong connections with the European University Association which is based in Brussels .
Ahmet Ertegun , who started out as a non performing personnel , performs in the Rhythm and Blues genre ; one of the derivatives of Rhythm and Blues is Disco .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka , Bangalore , India was established in 2000 . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Juan Peron belongs to the Labour Party in Argentina and while he was President Alberto Teisaire was in office .
Asam pedas is a Sumatran dish which is found in Malaysia . The Malays and the Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in the country .
Batchoy is found in Philippine Spanish and Arabic speaking Philippines . The Philippines is home to the llocano and Moro people .
Alfred Moore Scales resides in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Derbyshire Dales is found in the County of Derbyshire and is where the Bakewell pudding is from .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey , a country led by the country ' s president . Istanbul is the largest city , and Ankara is the capital . The monument was designed by Pietro Canonica , made of bronze , and inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 .
Alan Bean retired in June of 1981 .
St . Louis was a part of the kingdom of France .
Aarhus airport is at an elevation of 25 metres above seal level .
Rock musician Anders Osborne began working in 1989 and is associated with artists Tab Benoit and , Galactic and Billy luso .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London which is governed by the Parliament of the U . K . and the Greater London Authority .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviation ACM Trans . Inf . Syst ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science . This publication has the LCCN number 89646863 and the ISSN number 1046 - 8188 .
Alexsandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Tom Tomsk .
Helmut Jan designed 11 Diagonal Street which was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
the currency used in Turkey is lira .
The Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin and designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
Alfred Moore Scales originated from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans . He fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg during the American Civil War under commander Jefferson Davis .
John Major was a commander of the Gulf War in which Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards participated .
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA where Frank Borman was also a crew member . He was born in British Hong Kong led by Chris Patten .
Aaron Turner from the United States started performing in 1995 . He performs black metal music and has played with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital is Austin . Spanish is one language spoken there .
Aleksandre Guruli is 178 . 0 cm tall .
Aaron Turner plays post metal music for Twilight band and also played for Isis band . Cello is a post metal instrument .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . In 1963 , Bean was selected by NASA to be part of their Apollo 12 crew commanded by David Scott .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and Infraero is the operating organisation .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5kg , it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . It also has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometres per second .
Abradab was born in Katowice , Poland on Nov . 12 , 1978 . He is associated with Magik , the rapper , and played in Kaliber 44 band .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is governed by the International Tennis Federation in India .
India is the origin of Bhajji , a dish that includes : gram flour and vegetables .
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) was sold to Argentina 15 October 1968 .
Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium . The institute was created in 2000 , has 700 post graduate students and its dean is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . The full address of the school is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 56009 .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia , Spain . He belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Aiport Schiphol is 3800 meters .
Funk music is derived from Jazz which has its stylistic origins in folk music . The musical genre Afrobeat is a fusion of other genres such as Jazz as played by Alison O Donnell on the bodhran .
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Turkmenistan .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President .
3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin .
The total area of Alexandria , Indiana is 6 . 81 square kilometres .
Abel Hernandez played for the Central Espanol club and now plays for US Citta di Palermo .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and has signed with Deram Records in London and Floating World Records . Funk is a derivative of Jazz .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was published in print and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
109 Felicitas , which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . The escape velocity is 0 . 0473 km per sec .
Alberto Teisaire is a member of the Justicialist party who was born in Mendoza , Argentina and was in office while Juan Peron was President .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India and is led by Sumitra Mahajan .
Sweet potato belongs to flowering plants .
The commander of the Gulf War was George H . W . Bush and Adam Holloway was involved in the battles .
The AWH Engineering College is in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala . Kerala is led by Kochi .
NR Pogson , who died in Chennai , was an Englishman born in Nottingham . He discovered 107 Camilla on 1 March 2001 .
Massimo Drago , played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio , and manages A . C . Cesena .
One of the languages spoken in Texas is Spanish .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where some people speak Arabic and ethnic groups include the Ilocano and Chinese Filipino people .
AIP Advances , AIP Adv . , was edited by A T Charile Johnson from Stanford University .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and the capital is Putrajaya .
Angola is part of Indiana , United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C .
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden .
Adam Koc fought in battles in the Polish - Soviet War and was awarded the Legion of Honour and the Cross of Valour for Poland .
Buzz Aldrin received 20 awards .
Ampara Hospital can be found in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , a country led by Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Arem - arem is a dish of Indonesia , but more specific to Java . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia and they speak Indonesian .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students .
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The airport has a runway length of 3078 . 48 which is named 08 / 26 .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC , located in Al Khor , and managed by Amar Osim . Mr . Abdul also played with the Duhok SC .
The Leader Of Turkey ( official title President of Turkey ) is Ahmet Davutoğlu . Ataturk Monument , located in İzmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th of July , 1932 . Turkey ' s largest city is Istanbul and their currency is the Turkish lira .
the name of the leader of Malaysia is Najib Razak .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Ellington , Wisconsin , in the United States .
Anders Osborne ' s record labels are Okeh Records and Alligator Records in Chicago . His genre is rock music ; the music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The 13 / 31 runway at Atlantic City International Airport , operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , is 1873 in length .
Alex Tyus played for Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C . The club is coached by Zan Tabak . Mr . Tyus is also in the Euroleague .
You can find Abilene in Texas which is part of the U . S . A . and has Washington D . C . as its capital .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , and is 610 metres above sea level . It has a runway named 18L / 36 R , stretching to 3500 in length . ENAIRE is the airports operation organisation .
The Ariane 5 is operated by Arianespace and was launched at ELA - 3 . The ELA - 3 is located at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou , French Guiana . .
PeterStöger , manager of FC Kolin plays for both SK Rapid Wien and SC Wiener Neustadt .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets , who are based in the city of Columbus , Ohio and whose General Manager is Jarmo Kekalainen .
FC Terek Grozny , whose ground is located in Grozny , is the former club of the player Aleksandr Prydnikov .
William Anders and Frank Borman were crew members of NASA ' s Apollo 8 .
Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport has a runway length of 3 , 500 .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s present club is the Italy national under 19 football team but he also played for the country ' s under 16 football team coached by Daniele Zoratto .
Architect John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) designed 103 Colmore Row ; Birmingham ( postal code B ) is governed by The Labour Party ' s ( UK ) Birmingham City Council .
The comic book character of Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan and Roger McKenzie who is an American writer of comic books .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in Manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . The architectural style is Romanesque Revival and they were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 and given the reference number 80002709 .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States which is led by Frank G Jackson .
Discovered by Sergey Belyavsky , 1001 Gaussia has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days . this asteroid ' s epoch date is on 31 July 2016 , and it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and studied at the University of Gottingen .
Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 , and was a student at University of Texas at Austin .
Denmark ' s leader is Margrethe II of Denmark .
Albany is in the U . S . State of Georgia . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Jack Kirby and Stan Lee are the creators of the comic character Balder .
Attached to the club Vigor Lamezia , Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena and once played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow part of the Soviet Union national football team . It is managed by Valery Petrakov and its chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago in Cook County , Illinois .
The Atlas II is 3 . 04m in diameter and was sent from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 . March 16 , 1998 was its last flight .
Bhajji comes from the country India .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is published in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States , where the capital city is Washington D . C .
English is spoken in Texas .
Albany , Georgia is located at 62 . 0 above sea level .
A commander at the Polish - Soviet War , which Adam Koc fought in , was Joseph Stalin .
Abner W Sibal served in the US Army and ended his military career on January 3rd 1965 . He fought in World War II and Joseph Stalin was a commander in the same conflict .
Cornell University , located in ithaca NY , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Ace Wilder is an exponent of Hip hop music which has Drum and bass as a derivative . Hip hop music has its stylistic origins in both funk and disco .
Alison O ' Donnell recorded on the record label , Static Caravan Recordings .
Albert B . White was born 22nd September 1856 and died on the 3rd July 1941 in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain .
The Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 3678 feet .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas . The runway name is 18R / 36L and the length is 3500 . 0 .
Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey , where the Atatürk Monument is located .
The ARA Veinticinco De mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from Argentina , the leader of which , is Mauricio Macri .
Originating from Washington D . C . , Ahmet Ertegun is a performer of the music genre , Rhythm and Blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
The Audi A1 , the Seat Ibiza and the Volkswagen Polo Mk3 are similar and therefore related means of transportation .
Annibale de Gasparis discovered 10 Hygiea which used to be called A900 GA . 10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days , a periapsis of 416 , 136 , 000 , 000 kilometres and an epoch of June 27th , 2015 .
The main ingredients of Colombian dish Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The dish hails from the Paisa region .
Aleksander Barkov Jr . was born in Tampere , Finland .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of protein and 18 g of carbs .
Discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory , ( 15788 ) 1993 SB , has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 . It has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of , 7715100000 . 0 kilometres .
Attica is part of Logan Township in Fountain County , Indiana . It is located at 166 above sea level , has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
Atlanta is a part of Fulton County in Georgia and covers an area of 344 . 9 square kilometres . The total area of Atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and its population density is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Pop music singer Andra was born in Campia , Turzil in 1986 . She began her career as a solo singer and has also worked as a reality TV judge .
Angola , Indiana is part of Steuben County , Indiana , in the United States . The same country where African Americans are an ethnic group , and where English is spoken .
The United States is the residence of A T Charlie Johnson who edited AIP Advances . His alma mater was Stanford University and his doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka , India . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Celery is of the Apium genus .
Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes .
The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government , has a runway length of 600m and is owned by the Flemish region .
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aktieselskab ; its runway name is 10R / 28L and its runway length is 2776 .
The Ariane 5 , made by European Space Agency , was launched on August 11 , 2005 from ELA - 3 spaceport . It is 5 . 4 m round and made its final voyage on Dec . 18 , 2009 .
AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league .
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days .
Cookies and binignit are types of dessert . One of the ingrediens in binignit is sweet potato which belongs to the order Solanales .
Jens Härtel is in the RB Leipzig club .
The Leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway , named 14L / 32R is 4100 . 0 in length .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 .
Aaron Deer plays the piano and performs Indie rock music , a style that originated from new wave music .
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District .
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and it has a 1533 meters runway .
185 cm tall , Aleksandr Prudnikov , was born 1989 - 02 - 24 . His club is FC Tom Tomsk and he plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar .
The English language is spoken in Illinois , United States , which is the location of Chicago . 300 North LaSalle can be found in the city where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , which is led by Anandiben Patel .
The Alvis Speed 25 is classed as a full - size luxury car and has a 31 . 48 tax hp engine . It has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , ( part of New Netherland ) United States . Manhattan is one part of New York City and is led by Gale Brewer .
Auburn is part of Alabama in the United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen , it has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees . Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis .
The manager of AFC Fylde is Dave Challinor who is at Colwyn Bay FC and plays for both Tranmere Rovers and Stockport County FC .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil librarians is from the United states where white Americans live and like Great Britain , English is also spoken .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital of which is London . The leader of London is called Boris Johnson , the Parliament of the United Kingdom is also the leader of the city . Natives of the UK are called British people .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , and is part of Akita Prefecture .
Akron Summit Assault is located at the St . Vincent - St . Mary High school in Ohio .
Airey Neave started serving in military in 1935 and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji and contains gram flour .
Alfredo Zitarrosa , who started out as a solo singer , is with the Orfeo record label . Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s musical genre is Candombe .
Ben Urich , full name Benjamin Urich , was created by Gene Colan .
Attica is located in Indiana which has the state capital of Indianapolis . It is part of Logan Township in Fountain County .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was followed by Ring of Fire II .
Noodles are an ingredient in bakso which is from Chinese cuisine and is popular in the Indonesian and neighbouring Southeast Asian countries .
The American book The Ram Rebellion was written in 1634 where Native Americans form one of the ethnic groups .
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the US by Soho Press . English is spoken in the US and Native Americans are the original ethnic group of that country .
The United States includes the ethnic group of Native Americans and is the location of Auburn , Alabama .
The Alvis Speed 25 has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
Aleksandr Prudnikov belongs to the Russia National Football B Team .
Anaheim is part of Orange County which is in the Greater Los Angeles area of the United States .
Allan Shivers was succeeded by Ben Ramsey .
The Finnish built Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) has a 21 . 2 m long shipbeam .
Two leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . Athens is its capital and its currency is the euro . A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece .
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University . It has the abbreviation of Admin . Sci . Q , an ISSN number of 001 - 8392 and LLCN number of 57059226 .
Trance music performer Andrew Rayel is associated with many musical artists including Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano and Alexandre Bergheau . Other associates are Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level .
Austin , Texas is part of Williamson County , which has the county seat of Georgetown It is also included in Hays County where the largest city is San Marcos .
The academic discipline of Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q , is Management . Their LLCN number is 57059226 and their ISSN number is 0001 - 8392 .
The length of the ARA Veinticinco is 192000 . 0 millimetres .
Adonis Georgiadis , born in Athens , Greece , was the Deputy Minister for Development , Competitiveness and Shipping .
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University .
The people of Texas are known as Tejano and the Spanish language is spoken . The capital city is Austin and the state is served by Andrews County Airport .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music which originated from blues music . Funk and disco are both derivatives of rhythm and blues .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July , 1927 . In 1962 , he was chosen by NASA . Elliot See passed away in St . Louis .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra has played for Al Shorta SC and AL Kharaitiyat SC , whose ground is in Al Khor .
The leader of the United States is called the President .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , the country where Barack Obama is the leader and the African Americans are an ethnic group . English is the language of the United States and also of Great Britain .
Alan Bean is originally from Wheeler in Texas and went on to become a test pilot . He joined NASA in 1963 and became a member of Apollo 12 before he retired .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds have the architectural style of American Craftsman .
Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle .
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle and is voiced by Scott Adsit .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan , and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . The runway name is 18L / 36R .
Auburn is part of Pierce County , Washington in the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses the transport aircraft , the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules .
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is elevated 34 metres above sea level . The runway has the name 03L / 21R and a length of 1 , 411 . The third runway at this airport is made of Poaceae .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team . He also plays as a defender in the Serie A League with AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
New Britain , Connecticut was the birthplace of Abraham A . Ribicoff .
Abraham A . Ribicoff who worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare was born in Connecticut and had a wife called Casey .
Aaoron Turner is a black metal musician with the Lotus Eaters and Twilight bands . He was born in Massachusetts and started performing in 1995 .
The musical genre of american , Ahmet Ertegun , is rhythm and blues , a derivative of which . is Disco .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan . Its runway name is 18R / 36L and it is 2900 long .
William Anders was born on October 17th , 1933 .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where many Asian Americans live . The language of the United States and Great Britain is English .
Ahmet Ertegun was born 1923 .
Bananaman is a tv series which starred Rochdale born Bill Oddie . The series was shown on the BBC which is located in the city of London .
The ground for AEK Athens F . C . , which has 69618 members , is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
107 Camilla has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Alex Tyus played for the college Florida Gators men ' s basketball team .
Ayam penyet originates from Indonesia and popular dish in Malaysia too . Its main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , PA in Adams County .
The Turkish leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoglu .
Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to the west . The school offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States and written in English which is also spoken in Great Britain . The United States has the ethnic group Asian Americans and the leader is known as the President .
The " 1 Decembrie 1918 University " is in the city Alba Iulia .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the year 2000 .
There are many aspects of United States culture , from the title A Wizard of Mars , to the Native American , to the President Barack Obama , to the English language which is also spoken in Britain .
Buzz Aldrin was a US national who served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 .
An ethnic group , Asian Americans are part of the United states where English is the language and where Soho Press published A Loyal Character Dancer .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the US , where the capital city is Washington D . C . There are many Asian Americans in the United States .
Alfred Moore Scales lived in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans . He fought in the American Civil War under the commander Jefferson Davis , at the Battle of Fredericksburg .
In 2001 the AWH Engineering College was established in the city of Kuttikkattoor .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s recording label is Floating World Records .
The LCCN number of Addiction journal is 93645978 , it is abbreviated to Addiction and is published by Wiley - Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction .
The Atlas II ; originated from the U . S , was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Administrative Science Quarterly is the publisher of SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University . It ' s academic discipline is Management and its abbreviation is Admin . Sci . Q .
Sausage is an ingredient of a Bacon Explosion , a main course , which comes from the United States .
Aleksandra Kovac is musically involved with Kristina Kovac and she is associated with Bebi Dol . She plays pop music - disco is a fusion genre of the style .
Abner was born on 30 May 1995 and formerly played football for Real Madrid Castilla . He currently plays for CD FAS .
Blackpool ' s council is Labour .
Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . Shortcrust pastry is a key ingredient of the dish .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , which is led by the New Mexico Senate , is part of Bernalillo County in the U . S . where people speak English .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Zawra ' a SC .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Weft in Rostock and is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and before being succeeded by Makis Voridis he worked at the Ministry of Health in the country .
Aaron Turner played for Old Man Gloom .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans .
Frederick County Maryland is to the south west of Adams County , Pennsylvania . To the south of Adams County is Cumberland County and to the northwest Carroll County , Maryland . Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States .
Arem - arem is a Javanese dish from Indonesia . Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kaila are the leaders of this Indonesian - speaking nation .
Peter Stöger is manager of 1 . FC Köln and plays for the Austria National Football team .
Andrew Rayel is musically associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina .
Rome is the capital city of the country of Italy , where the language is Italian , the leader is Pietro Grasso and arrabbiata sauce can be found .
At 159 meters above sea level , Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , in Angola .
The Acura TLX , manufactured by Honda ( includes the Acura ) , has a 2 . 4 liter engine .
AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan is the ground of AZAL PFK .
The ALV X - 1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres . It was launched once from Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The bronze Atatürk momument is in Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
The ethnic group of Ireland is White people .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Dynamo Moscow but he is currently playing for FC Terek Grozny , their ground is located in Grozny and they are managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
Vermont Secretary of State and 3rd Congressional District representative Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois . He was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , a city in Orange County , part of California , part of the Greater Los Angeles area , in the United States .
Kent born Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War where Colin Powell was a commander .
Akron is a part of Summit County , Ohio , U . S . The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is a leader . Kant is also a member of the Socialist Party and worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands .
Anders Osborne was signed to Alligator Records , a Chicago located record label that is associated with blues music . Osborne is now signed with Rabadash Records and is associated with Tab Benoit .
Condensed milk is an ingredient in Bionico .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow ( managed by Valery Petrakov and includes chairman Aleksandr Tukmanov . ) and the Soviet Union national football team . FC Torpedo Moscow played in Russian Premier League during the 2014 - 15 season .
Ahmet Ertegun is from the U . S . and passed away in New York City . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae . This plant ; belongs to the division of flowering plants , is of the Poales order and is in the Monocotyledon class .
Auburn Alabama is in the United States , where English is spoken .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
In the Premier Development League , Akron Summit Assault play and the champions are K - W United FC .
Linn County , Oregon in the United States is the location of Albany . The country ' s capital is Washington DC and the population includes the ethnic group of African Americans .
The average speed of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is 4 . 56 km / s .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is 185 cm tall .
Alan Shepard ' s nationality is the United States .
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe , with a two door coup body style and a 2160 . 0 millimetre wheelbase , started being produced in 1958 .
The Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin by Giovanni Bertone and designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and Austin Texas is also in the same country .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage . It hails from Kansas City .
Concerts and events are hosted at 3Arena which is 28 metres high and was completed in December 2008 . It is located at North Wall , Dublin and designed by the architectural company Populous .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Spanish is spoken .
Bakso is a dish made in China and also found in Indonesia . Jakarta is the capital of the latter where Indonesian is spoken and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
The city of Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in the year 1996 and has 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . It ' s first runway is made of asphalt , is 497 long and uses the name 08 / 26 .
Amsterdam airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 5th runway has an asphalt surface .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who has represented the club KV Mechelen and also played for Runcorn FC Halton .
A . F . C . Fylde are based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire and has 3180 members .
Qarabag FK are champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League which AZAL PFK play in and they have 3500 members .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . Barack Obama was once the leader there , the capital is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
Abradab performs hip hop music , a style that originated from funk .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in Punk rock .
The city of Antioch is found in California , which has some Chinese speaking areas .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The country ' s leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and can contain the ingredient brown sauce . Another variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , which is a variation of the club sandwich .
Alderney Airport serves Laderney . Its runway has length of 722 . 0 and is made of asphalt .
Ground beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is from Indonesia .
These books were written in this order , Wolf Solent , A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson ( of Lincoln , Nebraska ) and followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
Ab Klink , was born in Stellendam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . He worked at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in Netherlands and his Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam .
The avocado is a member of the Lauraceae family .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where they speak Greek . The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras .
Sri Lanka is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe , has the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and uses the Sri Lankan rupee as currency . It is the location for the Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province state .
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 .
Abilene is part of Jones County in Texas .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America . A country where English is spoken and Albuquerque , New Mexico , is located .
Ariane 5 had its final flight on the 18th of December 2009 .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup .
The location of Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup which is in the central Denmark region of Denmark .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States in English .
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore . The airport is located in Punjab and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
The United States , where the biggest city is New York City , includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups . The country is the location of Atlantic City in New Jersey where the state capital is Trenton .
Abel Caballero , born in Ponteareas , Spain , is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
A . S . Roma play in Serie A and have a ground in Rome .
Aaron Deers plays the piano in the Psychedelia genre .
Julia Morgan who was born in California has designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the grounds of Asilomar Conference .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , and it is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
The abbreviation of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . and the ISSN number is 1865 - 8784 . It is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics .
Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault .
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce which is found in the Malay Peninsula in Indonesia .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Ponteareas , was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain who succeeded Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Playing for the Suburban Legends band , Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music ; which stylistically originates from Punk rock .
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is claimed to be from New York and France .
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska and is a dish in China .
Albany is in Benton County , Oregon , United States . Washington DC is the capital of the US , where Americans live and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
103 Colmore Row located in Birmingham , England was designed by the architect John Madin .
Pork belly is an ingredient of bandeja paisa which is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia department .
Lee County in Alabama is located within the United States .
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade .
Italians are from Italy where Pietro Grasso is a leader and they speak Italian . The capital is Rome and Arrabbiata sauce can be found there .
Architect John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row , located at Colmore Row .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 1930 served as a fighter pilot .
Agnes Kant resided in Doesburg .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens . He was in office under Antonis Samaras , Prime Minister and he was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . Makis Voridis succeeded Adonis Georgiadis .
Alessio Romagnoli , who once represented the Italian Under 19 football team , later played for AC Milan , managed by Siniša Mihajlović in Serie A .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB , discovered by Iwan P Williams , has the epoch date March 6th 2006 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 .
Aarons Turner played Black Metal music with the band Twilight .
Bakso is a Chinese noodle dish found in Indonesia .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland . The Swiss legislature is the Federal Assembly and its leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Airey Neave died in Westminster Hospital , London .
Alpharetta in Georgia has a total area of 55 . 4 square kilometres and is located at 346 . 0 above sea level . It has area codes 770 , 404 , and 678 and a population density of 992 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Alvah Sabin , represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District , ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
The capital of Turkey is Ankara .
Guadalajara is in the country of Mexico .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the capital is Bucharest .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission . It was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company .
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company is located in Coventry .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland , where Juha Sipilä is a leader .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chung . Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle .
Ahmet Ertegun has the alternative name A . Nugetre .
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
Alfred N . Phillips served in the United States Army and was in the Spanish - American War . He retired on Jan . 3 , 1939 .
Afonso Pena International Airport runway length is 2215 . 0 .
Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards , in the military , he began his career on 5th May 2005 and fought in the Gulf War . John Major was a commander in the Gulf War .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy and owned by AFC Ajax N . V .
Lake Placid , New York is located in the United States .
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle .
2006 was the start of the career of Synthpop musician Alex Day , who was born in the London Borough of Havering . He is associated with artists Charlie McDonnell and the Chameleon Circuit .
The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Chesterfield football club .
The leader of Malaysia is Najib Razak and the city of Kuala Lumpur is the capitol , it ' s also where the dish asam pedas is found .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US , where African Americans are among the ethnic groups and the people are called Americans . Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States .
The Aarhus Airport is run by the Aarhus Lufthavn A / S organization . The runway ( whose name is 10L / 28R ) is 2777 feet in length .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , N . J .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC . The US is home to Amarillo , which is part of Potter County in Texas .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and the runway length is 3310 . 0 .
FC Torpedo Moscow played the 2014 – 15 season in the Russian Premier League .
Attica is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana in the United States whose capital is Washington DC .
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " and they played n the 2014 season . Their home ground is called Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and it holds 39371 fans .
Al Anderson who is a member of NRBQ band , was born in Windsor , Connecticut , United States .
The AMC Matador is in the mid - size car class .
The AIDAluna made her maiden voyage on March 22nd 2009 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who was born in New Britain , Connecticut , died in New York City .
A United States national , comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of Ben Urich .
Alan Shepard has died in California . He was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA . He became a test pilot and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 . He retired on 1 August 1974 .
Uruguayan peso is the currency in Uruguay .
Eliot See ( deceased ) was born in Dallas .
The fullname of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool . Their ground is The Mechanics . and they have 1500 members .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 5th runway is made of asphalt .
1634 The Ram Rebellion is a novel from the United States , where the population are called Americans and the leader is called a " president . " The capital is Washington D . C . and African Americans are one ethnic group there .
Lee County in Alabama is in the U . S .
The Spanish language is spoken in Michigan .
The nationality of Agnes Kant , a member of the Socialist party , is the Netherlands . Mark Rutte leads the Netherlands .
AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom , where English is the language spoken . It is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City .
107 Camilla has the epoch 31 December 2006 .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band which has the genre , Rock music .
Aarhus airport which is 25 metres above sea level , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . The runway name is 10R / 28L and has a length of 2776 . 0 .
Abilene , Texas , covers a total area of 286 . 5 square kilometres and has 429 . 9 inhabitants per sq kilometre .
The alternative name of the 1955 Dodge is " Dodge Suburban " .
101 Helena has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
Elliot See had a nationality that was of the United States .
The AMC Matador is assembled at Port Melboune , Victoria and its alternative name is VAM Classic . The AMC Matador ' s body style is station wagon . and it has an AMC straight - 6 engine .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California . It was constructed in 1913 and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Akeem Priestley plays for Orange County Blues FC which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
The ISBN number of the hardcover A Long Long Way is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Alan Bean was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission under commander David Scott . Bean , whose Alma Mater is UT Austin , B . S . 1955 , was selected for NASA service in 1963 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , preceded by David Weber ' s 1634 : The Baltic war , is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes .
The creator of Airman ( comics character ) is Harry Sahle .
A variation of Shumai is Siomay .
Akron Summit ( full name : Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault ) is managed by Denzil Antonio . The club played in the 2011 season and their ground has a capacity of 3000 members .
The United States uses the spoken language of English and includes the ethnic group of Native Americans . Albuquerque is located within the country in New Mexico and is led by Richard J Berry and the Albuquerque City Council .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , which was assembled in Milan , and Lancia Thema are related types of transportation .
Albany is located in the state of Georgia , United States .
The genre of Al Anderson is rock music and bhangra music is a rock musical fusion .
Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport and is a popular tourism destination in Belgium where the leader is Philippe of Belgium and the French language is spoken .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School is in Akron , Ohio U . S and is the home ground for Akron Summit Assault . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio .
Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which was launched at the ELA - 3 . The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on 9th of March , 2008 and its final flight was on December 18 , 2009 .
A Severed Wasp was written in English ( language of Great Britian ) and is from the United States . The previous president of the country was Barack Obama who is African American .
Luciano Spalletti manages A . S . Roma . He also plays for Empoli F . C . and played for Udinese Calcio . While , also having once been at the club Virtus Entella .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
Ace Wilder is an exponent of Hip hop music , the sub genre of which , is Gangsta rap . Also connected to hip hop , is Drum and bas , which is a derivative of Hip hop music .
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are the leaders of Indonesia . There Arem - arem is a traditional dish , but more specific to Java .
The European Space Agency is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which was launched at ELA - 3 ( located at the Guiana Space Centre ) .
Aaron Boogaard ' s height is 1 . 905 metres .
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco .
the orbital period of 1036 Ganymed is 374976 seconds .
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Administrative Science Quarterly ( Admin . Sci . Q . ) comes under the academic discipline of Management and the ISSN number is 0001 - 8392 .
The Asser Levy Public Baths architectural style is that of Romanesque Revival .
The Aleksey Chirikov , an icebreaker which is in service , was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard , in Helsinki . It is 99 . 83 metres long and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , which is located in Indiana , United States .
Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City AFC , which is Abel Hernández ' s club . Hernández played youth football for Central Españoi which play in the Uruguayan Segunda División league .
The wheelbase of a 1955 Dodge is 120 inches .
St Louis , which is part of the Kingdom of France and is led by Francis G Slay , is the birth place of Alex Tyus .
Administrative Science Quarterly has the ISSN number of 0001 - 8392 .
The Delta II was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Al Aderson first became active in country music in 1966 . He plays with the band NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds . He was born in Windsor , Connecticut .
Albany , Oregon is 64 , 008 above sea level .
The BLT is a bacon sandwich , a variant of the Club sandwich . The bacon sandwich uses condiments and originates from the United Kingdom .
There are 3500 members of AZAL PFK who are in season 2014 .
The location identifier of Alpena County Regional airport is APN and is 210m a . s . l .
The Delta II , which is comparable to the rocket Antares , originates from the United States . It was launched at the Vandenberg Air Base , Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 .
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and some of the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
The alma mater of Ab Klink , is Erasmus University in Rotterdam , which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
Anders Osborne is an acquaintence of Billy Iuso , Tab Benoit and Johnny Sansone .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds . His genre is country music and he was born on 1947 - 03 - 13 .
The Abarth 1000GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160mm , and a width of 1 . 55m . It is a two door coupe and has a straight four engine .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 as well as the OCLC number of 7877110 .
Elizabeth II is a leader of the United Kingdom which uses the pound sterling as currency . The UK is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
Singer Allen Forrest is a Hip hop musician . Hip Hop comes from funk and gives itself to drum and bass .
Being 252000 . 0 millimetres long and with a ship beam of 32 . 2 long , the AIDAluna was christened on April 4 2004 .
The ISSN number for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg ( abbreviating to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) is 0025 - 5858 . It has an LCCN number of 32024459 , and the CODEN code is AMHAAJ .
The book A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin . He also plays for SV Germania Schoneiche .
Athens International Airport , located in Spata , serves the city of Athens . It has a runway length of 4000 . 0 and is elevated 94 metres above sea level .
In the United States one of the ethnic groups is African American and the capital is Washington DC . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the country .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s plays for Olympique Lyonnais out of Parc Olympique Lyonnais and whose chairman is Jean - Michel Aulas . Mr . Guruli formerly played for the FC Dinamo Batumi .
Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients and hails from the Derbyshire Dales .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the U . S . and was Governor of Connecticut . His successor was John N . Dempsey .
Aaron Boogaard ' s birthplace is Canada whose leader is Elizabeth II and anthem is O Canada . A language spoken in that country is English .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Dupage County , Illinois , U . S .
Akeem Dent first played with the Atlanta Falcons of Atlanta city . He also played for the Houston Texans out of Houston .
The leader of Birmingham are the Liberal Democrats .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District becoming Secretary of State . He was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
The kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Austin , Texas is part of Williamson County , where Round Rock is the largest city . Austin , Texas , is part of Hays County , Texas , where San Marcos is the county seat .
Sago is the main ingredient in binignit .
Albany is part of Oregon , whose capital is Salem , in the U . S . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
The ALV X - 1 originates in the United States which has the African Americans among it ' s ethnic groups . The people of the US are known as Americans and the capital city is Washington DC .
A . C . Cesena ' s ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi and they have 23900 members .
T S Thakur is a leader of India .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the Spanish language is spoken .
Serving the city of Abilene in Texas , the Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level . It has the runway name 17L / 35R and has a runway length of 21940 metres .
Alan B Miller Hall , owned by the College of William and Mary , and with the Mason School of Business as the current tenants , is located in Virginia , United States .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester , England and died in Sidcup , London .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport and assembled by Aston Martin in the UK , where Elizabeth II is the leader . The successor of the Aston Martin DBS is the Aston Martin Vantage .
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 k . p . s , a mass of 5 . 7kg and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 Kilometers .
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC which is headquartered in Broadcasting house .
Barack Obama led the United States , while the mayor is the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , home to many Native Americans .
Folk rock musician Alison O ' Donnell plays bodhrán .
The epoch of 1097 Vicia , formerly known as 1928 PC , is on 13 January 2016 . The escape velocity of 1097 Vicia is 0 . 0112 km / sec , its orbital period is 135589000 . 0 , and its periapsis is 279142000000 .
William Anders served as a Fighter pilot before being a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew , operated by NASA , alongside Frank Borman . William Anders is now retired .
Agustín Barboza plays Guarania style of music and has a background in solo singing . He plays Guarania style of music .
Aaron Hunt played for the club SV Werder Bremen that is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk . Mr . Hunt also participated in the SV Werder Bremen club that is in the Bundesliga .
A . S . Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy .
Alan Bean spend a total of 100305 minutes in space .
Romania has many ethnic groups one of which are Germans .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where the title of the leader is the President and where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Atlanta has the area code of 404 .
Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes are located in Deptford .
Austin , is located in Travis County , Texas , the largest city in that state is Houston .
William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong , graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 . The following year , he was selected by NASA and served as a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 8 .
Alba Iulia is a part of Alba County and is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is 3500 . 0 .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated Acta Palaeontol . Pol . and has the CODEN code APGPAC . It comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology .
AFC Ajax N . V . own Sportpark De Toekomst who in turn host both the Ajax Youth Academy and AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) .
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent which is the latest in his series of novels , preceded by A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second . It has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
Andrews County Airport , which lies 973 metres above sea level , serves Andrews in Texas . The runway length is 8 . 0 and its name is 11 / 29 .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , in which English is the main language .
The launch site of the Antares rocket was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , where the Rocket Minotaur V and IV were launched . The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II which originates in the U . S .
Al Anderson is a singer of the rock band RNBQ and rock music originated from country and blues music and a fusion of rock music is called bhangra music .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US where Abraham A Ribicoff has nationality , having been born in New Britain , Connecticut .
Abel Caballero was Mayor of Vigo .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov in Helsinki Finland which is now in service . The ship is 99 . 83 m long and has a beam of 21 . 2m .
The United States are inhabited by Americans and the ethnic group of African Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the country where President Barack Obama is the leader .
The dish ajoblanco is from Spain where an ethnic group are the Spaniards , the currency is the Euro , the language spoken is Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI .
Ahmet Ertegun , from the United States , plays rhythm and blues music which is derived from blues music . Disco comes from rhythm and blues music . One ethnic group in the U . S . are known as African Americans .
Montevideo is in the country of Uruguay .
Aaron Hunt , who plays for Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen II , previously played for the latter ' s youth team .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the capital is Rome and Italian is the language .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan which is led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s memorial designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed at the Battle of Baku .
The Aston Martin V8 , which is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 , was assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom .
Born in Nottingham , N . R . Pogson discovered 107 Camilla , on March 1st 2001 .
Addis Ababa City Hall has a height of 42 metres .
Dane Whitman , a . k . a . Black Knight , was created by John Buscema ( Amercian ) and considered to be in the comics genre .
AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV .
The Antares rocket , manufactured by Orbital ATK , is comparable with the Delta II . From the United States , the Delta II was launched from both , Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Albert B . White , b . Cleveland and died in Parkersburg , WV , was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson from Bloomington , Maryland .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC which has 69618 members .
Rock music has its stylistic origins in folk music .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician , who plays the keyboard . The stylistic origins of Indie rock are in Garage rock and new wave music .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit .
Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level , and its operators are in Outagamie County , Wisconsin .
Alex Tyus weighs 99 . 792 ( kilograms ) .
Abel Caballero was once Mayor of Vigo .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and was succeeded by William MO Dawson .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . Its runway name is 4 / 22 and the length is 1873 . 0 .
Hip hop music has its origins in disco and jazz while being the basis for Drum and bass and includes Gangsta rap . Abradab is a Hip hop musician .
Abner W . Sibal was born on the 11th April 1921 and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF bombed Libya in 1986 and fought in the Invasion of Grenada . The Lockheed AC - 130 and Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III are two aircrafts on that base .
Max Huiberts plays for AZ Alkmaar .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . The leader of Japan is called Akihito and the Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in the country .
The United States , where the English language is spoken , include the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Angola in Indiana .
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Sausage is a main ingredient of Bacon Explosion but it also uses bacon .
Juha Sipila is a leader in Finland .
Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Ellington , Wisconsin .
Buzz Aldrin won 20 awards , graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc . D in 1963 and was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
Ireland is located in Europe .
Aaron S . Daggat was born in Maine and he died in Massachusetts . He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
AS Gubbio 1910 are located in Italy and play in Serie D whose champions are currently SS Robur Siena . The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the capital city is Rome .
Orange County , which is part of the greater Los Angeles area in California , USA , is where Anaheim is situated . This city is led by the United States House of Representatives and has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
Alexandria is part of Indiana .
Alan Martin is a footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical FC at their home of New Douglas Park , and also for Crewe Alexandra FC which is managed by Steve Davis .
Wizards at War , which was preceded by A Wizard of Mars was published by Harcourt ( publishers ) .
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Asilomar State Beach and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
Peñarol , where Abel Hernández played youth football , play in the Uruguayan Primera División . Hernandez was part of the Uruguay Olympic football team and later played for the club U . S . Città di Palermo , where the manager was Giuseppe Iachini .
Born in New Hampshire , Alan Shepard was a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 14 mission .
Abel Caballero , was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain and when the Prime Minister was Felipe González , whose predecessor was , Rodolfo Llopis .
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom which , together with the Chrysler Newport are related types of transport .
In the Philippines , where Batchoy comes from , the spoken language is Philippine Spanish .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , then served as a Fighter pilot when he was chosen by NASA in 1963 .
Dodge is the manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge ; which has a station wagon style body , V8 engine and a wheelbase of 120 inches .
Singer and musician Ace Wilder was born in 1982 , on July 23 , in Stockholm .
A Bacon sandwich is prepared with condiments and is a dish from the United Kingdom .
New Jersey is in the United States .
Alberto Teisaire was a member of the Justicialist Party while Juan Peron was President .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester .
The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport , which can be found in Uttar Pradesh . The airport ' s IATA location identifier is AGR and its ICAO location identifier is ' VIAG ' .
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia has a mean temperature of 154 kelvins .
Akeem Ayers , who was number 39 in the draft pick , is currently a member of the Los Angeles Rams , having previously played with the New England Patriots .
Arianespace is located in France and operates the ELA - 3 which was the launch site of the Ariane .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Austin Fernando is the leader . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka , where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
The length of the 1st runway at Abilene Regional airport is 3678 feet .
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music which originated from funk music and drum and bass is a derivative of it .
An affiliate of the European University Association , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark has 16 , 000 students enrolled .
Jens Hartel is attached to the club FSV Zwickau .
The English language is the language of the United States .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and became a member of the Apollo 14 crew . He died in California .
Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey . He went on to become a crew member on Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA .
Airey Neave was a hero and awarded the Distinguished Service Order .
The established religion in England is The Church of England and the capital is London . Cornish language can be heard spoken and you can find Dead Man ' s Plack which is made of rock .
The comic character Blockbuster , with the alternative name Mark Desmond , was created by Tom Lyle and Roger Stern .
The United States of America is the location of Austin , Texas and includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups .
Binignit is a dessert dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines and contains the ingredients taro and banana .
New Douglas Park is the home of Hamilton Academical F . C .
The population density of Auburn , Washington , is 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km .
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico , the country where the dish bionico can be found . Bionico is a served for dessert and honey can be added to it .
Alpharetta , is part of Fulton County , in Georgia , in the United States .
Alderney Airport runway name is 03 / 21 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J . Davis , who later died in Austin , Texas was Vice President .
The Alvis Speed 25 has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " . The wheelbase measures 127 inches , it has a 31 . 48 tax hp engine and is classed as a full - size car .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark , and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is leader at the Marriott International .
Bo ( full name Bibbo ) Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and the American , Jerry Ordway .
AIDAstella , operated by AIDA Cruises and built by Meyer Werft , is owned by Italy ' s , Costa Crociere ; a subsidary of Carnival Corporation & plc .
Aaron S Daggett ' s most notable battle was the Battle of Fredericksburg , part of the American Civil War in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
The comic book character Dane Whitman ( otherwise known as the Black Knight ) , was created by both Roy Thomas and John Buscema .
The comic character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley .
The National Assembly is the legislative branch of government in Azerbaijan .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark as well as the Church of Denmark .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Essex County and part of Harrietstown , both of New York , United States .
101 Helena ; has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres , a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 kilometres . and epoch date of , 2006 - 12 - 31 .
William Anders retired on 1 September 1969 , having been born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong .
A Mexican food is bionico which is served as a dessert and can be varied by using cottage cheese . Spanish is one of the languages in Mexico and its leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Anandiben Patel is the leader of Guarat , India , home to Amadavad ni Gufa .
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force . The airbase has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA , a runway name of 09L / 27R and a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
Ayam penyet is a food that can be found nationwide , in Java and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
07 / 25 is the runway name of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Delta II originates from the United States .
Turkmenistan airlines have their HQ in Turkmenistan and Ashgabat and their hub at Turkmenabat airport , They are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway length of 900 . 0 .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , who is in Varese Calcio S . S . D . club and plays for Carrarese Calcio .
Anders Osborne is playing rhythm and blues and was signed to Alligator and Rabadash Records .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Its director is Dr G . O . Prabhukumar and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " .
Allen Forrest ' s genre of music is Rhythm and Blues from which both disco and funk derive .
The AIDAstella , which is 253260 . 0 millimetres long , was completed on March 11th 2013 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow .
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the main ethnic group are the Spaniards . The country ' s leader is King Felipe VI and the spoken language is Spanish .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat in India , which is led by T S Thakur .
Alan Shepard was a member of the crew of Apollo 14 .
The Abarth 1000 GT has a Coupé body style and its production began in 1958 .
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle made at the Marysville Auto Plant . It has a V6 engine and an AWD vehicle layout .
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for the Bury FC .
Rhythm and blues artist Anders Osborne is associated with artists Tab Benoit , Galactic and Billy Iuso .
The runway length of Al Taqaddum Air Base is 4019 . 0 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is based in the city of Aarhus , which has to its northeast Mols . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which had its headquarters in Brussels .
Ethiopia , led by Hailemariam Desalegn , is home to the Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium , both located in the city that named them .
Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Region of Denmark which has the capital city of Copenhagen .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Haider Al - Abadi and Fuad Masum are two leaders in Iraq where the official language is Arabic .
Amdavad ni Gufa is situated in the city of Ahmedabad which is located in the state of Gujarat , India . The architect who designed the Amdavad ni Gufa is B V Doshi .
The Ardmore Airport which is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is in Auckland .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and he performed as a test pilot . He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 , which was commanded by David Scott . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot of Apollo 12 .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel , who began his career in 2009 , is associated with musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren .
18 is the number of the fifth runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Albennie Jonesis a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A S Roma and is also in the Italy national under 16 ' s football team .
The 1955 Dodge uses a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
The epoch date of 110 Lydia is 31 December 2006 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per sec . It has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 , an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kms and a mass of 6 . 7 kg .
The ALCO RS - 3 was produced by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1056 . It has a V12 engine .
The final flight of the rocket Ariane 5 is 18th December 2004 .
English is the language of the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Also in the United States , is Akron , in Summit County , Ohio .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia . The current tenant is the US based Mason School of Business .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain ( country of Spaniards ) . It used the Euro as currency and the leader is Felipe VI .
Afonso Pena International Airport located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais ( part of Parana ) and serves the city of Curitiba and is operated by Infraero .
Ernie Colón was one of the creators of the comic character Bolt .
Agustin Barboza died in Paraguay whose leader is Juan Afara .
The length of the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3400 . 0 metres .
Batagor contains : fried fish dumpling , tofu , vegetables and peanut sauce . Its is served hot and originates from Indonesia .
The AIDAluna had its maiden voyage on the 22nd of March 2009 .
200 Public Square has a floor count of 45 .
N . R . Pogson , born in Nottingham , was the discoverer of 107 Camilla that has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 . Mr . Pogson died in Chennai .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India .
One of the battles Alfred Moore Scales was involved in was the Battle of Gettysburg .
The engine volume of Aston MArtin V8 is 5 . 3 litres and it was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage . The latter vehicle is related to the Aston Martin DBS which is manufactured by Aston Martin .
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full size class car .
Adam McQuaid was born on Prince Edward Island and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
Airey Neave ' s unit was the Royal Artillery , and he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order .
Gruppo Bertone , founded in Turin , designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe . Giovanni Bertone founded the Italian owned Gruppo Bertone Co .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad , it made its maiden flight on June 4th 1996 . It was manufactured by The Airbus Defence and Space and the final flight took place on December 18th 2004 .
The minor planet , 1101 Clematis , has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km and an average speed of 16 . 54 km / s .
Aaron S . Daggett was in the Battle of Antietam .
Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is located in the United States .
Ingredients used in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
AZ Alkmaar ' s ground is the AFAS Stadion and it has 17023 members .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where leaders are Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma ; coloured people are a major ethnic group here .
Allan Shivers was Governor of Texas , and his birth place was Lufkin , Texas .
1099 Figneria had am epoch date of December 31st 2006 and its orbital period is 179942000 . 0 . It has an apoapsis of 604718000 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0 . 0155 km / s .
ALV X - 1 is from the United States ; where Washington D . C . is the capital .
The Americans are the inhabitants of the United States and include the ethnic group of Asian Americans . The country is the location of Angola in Pleasant Township , part of Steuben County in Indiana .
Inuktitut is a spoken language in Canada , the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency , and the leader is , Mark Rutte .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Mendrisio in 1996 . Its dean is Mario Botta .
Abel Caballero was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain , who preceded Alfonso XIII of Spain , was Monarch .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Indonesia . The Batak and Acehnese people are both ethnic groups on the island .
Albennie Jones is a solo singer , whose genre is jazz . He was born in Errata , Mississippi , U . S . A . in 1914 .
The musician Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs band and his genre is alternative rock . He is also associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow .
AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , parent company Wolters Kluwer , from the United States .
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco . Almond is from the order Rosids and a part of the Rosaceae family and is a division of flowering plants .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas in 1932 and graduated with a B . S . in 1955 . Alan Bean then went on to join NASA in 1963 .
Atlanta has the area codes 404 , 678 , and 470 .
The Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument . The monument was provided by the National Park Service and established on 11 July 1907 .
The Blues is a stylistic origin of rock music .
The stylistic origin of hip hop music is disco .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Al - Wakrah Sport Club and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC who are managed by Amar Osim i and located in Al Khor .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and launched from the Guiana Space Centre . The final flight of Ariane 5 was 2003 - 09 - 27 .
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport in Alcobenda , is operated by ENAIRE . Alcobenda is part of Madrid in Spain .
A bacon sandwich , to which ketchup is sometimes added , is a variation of the BLT , which is a variant of the club sandwich . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , where David Cameron is the leader .
The granola - based dessert Bionico is a food found in Jalisco , Mexico .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania .
U . K . born acoustic musician Alex Day is associated with the Chameleon Circuit and Charlie O ' Donnell , beginning in 2006 .
The singer Andra ' s genre is Rhythm and blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients , which is part of the Rosaceae family and in the division of flowering plants .
Alison O ' Donnell ; performs jazz music , was in the band Mellow Candle and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band .
Adam McQuaid , who played for the Boston club known as the Boston Bruins , was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets in Columbus , Ohio .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane , and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Akeem Dent ' s player Number is 50 .
Buzz Aldrin , a retired fighter pilot , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20 , 1930 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Agustin Barboza has a background in solo singing .
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer plays bass guitar . Guitar is a staple of indie rock , which originates from garage rock and new wave .
The celestial body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone ; has an average speed of 18 . 29km / s , a periapsis at 296521000 . 0 kilometres , and an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres . 11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Arifin Zakaria and its capital is Putrajaya .
Solo singer , Alan Frew , comes from Canada .
Angola , part of the state of Indiana , is in the United States . English is the language spoken in the U . S . , and African Americans are one of the ethic groups .
Conrnell University , nicknamed Conrnell Big Red , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Avocado is under the order of laurales .
Stellendam was the birthplace of Ab Klink who belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . Mr . Klink ' s alma mater is Leiden University .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport located at 25 metres above sea level in Aarhus , Denmark . The airport runway , named 10R / 38L has a length of 2702 . 0 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad formerly played for Steel Azin F . C . and now plays for Al - Jaish SC in Syria .
Albany , Oregon is part of the United States . The U . S . has its capital as Washington , Dc and is home to Americans and African Americans .
Aleksander Barkov , Jr . was born in Tampere .
William Anders was born on Oct 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong but was an American . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . He worked as a fighter pilot and was hired by NASA in 1963 . He is now retired .
Democratic Governor Alfred Moore Scales of North Carolina , was succeeded by James W . Reid .
Born on 1936 - 05 - 21 , in Miri , Malaysia , Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak . He represented Kota Samarahan and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais and it is located 911 . 0 metres above sea level . The runway name is 11 / 29 and it has a length of 1800 . 0 .
Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States .
The novel Into Battle is preceded by Above the Veil .
Bart De Wever is the mayor of Antwerp , which is served by Antwerp International airport .
Ice Hockey player Aleksander Barkov Jr . plays as a Centre .
Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington DC .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland and its powertype is Wartsila . It is 99 . 83 metres in length and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
Th asteroid 1036 Ganymed , with the epoch date 22nd October 2004 , has an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 km . The periapsis measurement for 1036 Ganymed is 184434000000 . 0 .
The construction of Adare Manor began in 1700 and was completed in 1862 . The manor was designed by Augustus Pugin .
A . S . Roma play in Serie A and their ground is the Stadio Olimpico .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the U . S . The language spoken there is English , which was originated in Great Britain . One ethnic group of the U . S . is African American .
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3300 .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel which was founded in Washington , D . C .
William Anders retired on September 1st , 1969 .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a two door coupe which has a width of 1 . 55 metres . It has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a straight - four engine .
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is from the Antioquia Department region in Colombia .
Beef kway teow originates from Singapore .
Angola , Steuben County , Indiana is located in the United States . Angola is 324 above sea level , has 524 . 5 perons per sq km and an area of 16 . 55 sq km .
Arros Negre is made with white rice and is a traditional dish from the Valencian community in Spain .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is the Asian Americans . It is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Abel Caballero , born in Galicia , Spain , was in office during the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain .
" A Fortress of Grey Ice " was published by Tor Books , a subsidiary of Macmillian Publishers .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre .
Al Anderson who was born on the 13 / 03 / 1947 , is a member of the band NRBQ , that performs rock music . He also played once with The Wildweeds .
Bionico and Cookie are both a type of dessert .
The state of Texas in the US is the location of Houston , the largest city , and also Arlington , part of Tarrant County where Fort Worth is the county seat .
Adare Manor , Adare , County Limerick , was designed by George Richard Pain and completed in 1862 .
Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the name of the Leader of Greece .
The comic character , Arion , was created by Jan Duursema , who has won the Eisner Award .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students .
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in the United States in New York City , which used to be part of New Netherland .
Hamilton Academical FC plays at New Douglas Park .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay , a country led by Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg .
A . S . Gubbio has 5300 members and their ground is located in Italy .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez has been a manager of A D Isidro Metapan and is now a member of C . D . Aguila .
Having a four - stroke engine , The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length . The ALCO RS - 3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
Aarom Bertram is a musician who plays for the Suburban Legends and the Kids Imagine Nation bands . He plays Ska Punk which has its origins in Ska and Punk Rock music .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , USA , the Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , the airport is 23 . 0 above sea level .
Curitiba is part of Parana State in the South Region , Brazil and is served by Afonso Pena International airport . It is led by the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) .
Abradad is a hip hop solo singer whose backup music has bass drums . Hip hop originated from funk music where their style came from Jazz .
Albany is a city in Linn County , Oregon .
The Audi A1 , produced by Audi Brussels , has a 1 . 2 l engine and a 5 speed manual transmission .
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , Abdul Taib Mahmud , is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party .
1036 Ganymed has a periapsis of 184434000000 . 0 .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) has the nickname " Lucky Ajax " .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) , and the leader is called the President . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States , where the capital city is Washington D . C .
Born in Hessisch Oldendorf , Agnes Kant was a resident of Doesburg . His alma mater is the Radboud University Nijmegen and he worked as the Parliamentary group leader .
Atlanta is part of Georgia , United States .
The ship AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and its operator is AIDA Cruises . It has a beam of 32 . 2 metres and is is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length . .
Andra is a singer and Reality tv judge .
Newmarket Ontario , which is part of Canada , is where Alan Frew is originally from .
A . S . Roma ' s ground in Rome holds 70634 fans . The club play in Serie A , the champions of which are Juventus F . C .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza was Asuncion ( part of Gran Asuncion ) , Paraguay . Juan Afara is a leader in Paraguay and Mestizo is an ethnic group in that country .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan . The Riverside Art Musuem and the Asilmar State Beach are some of Julia Morgan ' s significant buildings .
A member of the Justicialist Party , Alberto Teisaire , was in office while Juan Perón ( spouse , Eva Peron ) was president . Alberto Teisaire ' s place of death was Buenos Aires , where the leader is , Diego Santilli .
One of the main ingredients in binignit is banana .
Alvah Sabin ; was born in Georgia , Vermont , worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont , and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District .
Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft . The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruise Line and is located in Germany .
After being recruited by NASA in 1963 , Alan Bean spent 100305 minutes in space .
The alma mater of Alfred Moore Scales , later succeeded by James Madison Leach , was the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Jazz musician , Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the recording labels Stanyan Records and Deram Records , in London .
" Squeezed " or " smashed " Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , it is served with sambal .
Baked Alaska , a cookie type dessert , comes from France .
Alison O ' Donnell , who plays jazz music , signed for record label Deram Records based in London , as well as Static Caravan Recordings .
The ALV X - 1 originated in the U . S . whose capital is in Washington D . C . and national anthem is called The Star Spangled Banner . An ethnic group in that country is known as African Americans .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada , the country led by Elizabeth II . Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in Canada .
Allen Forrest , whose musical genre is Rhythm and Blues . is a solo singer . Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemunde in Rostock . It weighs 1850 tonnes has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a length of 125800mm .
The operating organisation for Al Asad airbase is the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panama , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC130 attack aircraft .
Aleksandr Chumakov has played for FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team . The Torpedo Moscow was managed by Valaery Petrakov . Mr . Chumakov died in Russia . Russian is spoken there .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is contained within the category of Contributing property and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . Adams County is south of Cumberland County , Pennsylvania .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to RCA Records whose distributor is Sony Music Entertainment .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States .
2014 saw 1 . FC Koln participating .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . The Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq , where there are leaders called Haider Al - Abadi and Fuad Masum .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which has headquarters in New York . It is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . The leaders of Greece are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . Greek is spoken in that country .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisi is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and was established in 1996 . Its academic staff consists of 100 members , it has 600 students and its Dean is Mario Botta .
The College of William and Mary owns the Alan B . Miller Hall and the Chancellor of the College is Robert Gates .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 12 . Alfred Worden was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 and David Scott was the commander .
Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music which originated from Punk rock . He plays for bands the Suburban and the Kids Imagine Nation .
The A . C . Lumezzane has 4150 members and they play in the Lega Pro league .
66063 1998 RO1 has a periapsis of 41498400000 and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres . It has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and an epoch date of 4th November 2013 .
A Long Long Way comes from Ireland and was published by Viking Press who have the parent company Penguin Random House .
The Karnataka region enjoys bhajji which have the ingredient of gram flour .
The Abarth company makes the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe and was founded in Bologna .
American Motors Co , which includes member Roy D . Chapin Jr . , was succeeded by Eagle . AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors , which includes subsidary Wheel Horse .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Angola , Indiana is located .
A . T . Charlie Johnson who lives in the U . S . and attended Stanford University is the editor of AlP Advances . His doctoral advisor at that university was Michael Tinkham .
101 Helena has a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 kms and was discovered by the Canadian national , James Craig Watson . Watson ' s alma mater was the University of Michigan and he eventually died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands , where the currency is the Euro . Ab Klink is from the Netherlands and was born in Stellendam . Ab Klink ' s Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam .
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria , where the language is Austrian German . Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , in Austria , Hungary and died in Austria .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ( Alfa Romeo 168 ) is a luxury vehicle with a straight - four engine .
Influenced by Robert A Heinlein , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank California . The book was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and The Grantville Gazettes .
Elliot See died in St . Louis on February 28th , 1966 .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who have been managed by Gus Poyet . His own club is Real Zaragoza and he has played for Chelsea FC .
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Canada .
Alan Shepard born in New Hampshire , was awarded the " Distinguished Service Medal " .
Located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola , Angola International Airport has a runway name 05L / 23R .
Alpharetta , Georgia has a population density of 992 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre , is located at 346 . 0 above sea level and is 55 . 4 square kilometres .
Nigerian Chief of Defence Staff worker and Technical Institute , Kaduna alum Abdulsalami Abubakar , was born in Minna . He was succeeded by Al - Amin Daggash .
Albert B . White worked as the Governor of West Virginia .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F . C in Palo Seco Velodrome and Central F . C .
Aleksander Barkov , Jr was born in Tampere , Finland on September 2 , 1995 . He is affiliated with the Florida Panthers .
Ayam penyet comes from the Java region of Malaysia , where the Banyumasan people live .
Abner W . Sibal served in the United States Army .
The American Journal of Mathematics . abbreviated to Am . J . Math , is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States .
Izmir , Turkey is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader and the largest city is Istanbul although the capital is Ankara .
Allen Forrest , a solo singer , was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell , Kentucky and was brought up in Dothan , Alabama . Mr . Forrest plays rhythm and blues music .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located at 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , the leader of which , is Daniel Martinez . Montevideo is in Uruguay which is led by Tabaré Vázquez .
The dessert dish bionico requires granola as one of it ' s ingredients and can be varied using cottage cheese .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is headquartered at Jinnah International Airport .
Madeleine L ' Engle who is influenced by George Macdonald wrote " A Severed Wasp " .
The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka .
In the United States , Washington , D . C . is the capital and Amarillo , Texas is located . Also Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , a country led by Cyril Ramaphosa .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capital . Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders of South Africa , where coloured people are an ethnic group .
Agnes Kant , whose alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen , was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked for the Socialist Party in the Netherlands .
The city of Amarillo , is part of Potter County , Texas , in the United States .
The language spoken in Argentina is Spanish and the leader is Gabriela Michetti . Alberto Teisaire was an Argentinian who died in Buenos Aires where the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature .
Aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777 . 0 and is 25 metres above sea level . It is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and the runway name is 10L / 28R .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland . The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm and its leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . The runway length is 2744 . 0 and it is 210 metres above sea level .
Alpena County Regional Airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level .
Akeem Priestley , who plays for the Jackson Dolphins which are based in the city of Jacksonville in Florida , is also connected to the Orange County Blues FC who are managed by Oliver Wyss .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is part of Washtenaw County in the U . S . The capital of Michigan is Lansing .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and an apoapsis of , 6603633000 . 0 km . Its epoch is on 31 December 2006 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometres per second .
Bionico is a dessert dish that can be found in Mexico and Guadalajara . The main ingredients of Bionico are : Chopped fruit , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC and the ethnic group of African Americans .
The leader of the United States of America ( where English is the primary language ) is President Barack Obama . One United States ethnic group is White Americans . Additionally 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the USA .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England , where the Labour Party is the majority , and he died in London .
The Abilene Regional Airport ' s location id is " ABI " .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and has worked with Tab Benoit .
African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States , where one of the nationals is Abraham A . Ribicoff . He , born in New Britain , Connecticut , was married to Casey Ribicoff , and died in the United States .
The Ariane 5 is manufactured by the European Space Agency and was launched at the ELA - 3 . Its maiden flight was on 4 June 1996 and the final flight on 18 December 2009 .
Arros negre contains white rice and is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for his club AL Kharaitiyat SC , located in Al Khor and for the Iraq national under 23 football team .
Adam Koc died in New York City after having fought in the Polish – Soviet War which was a conflict within the Russian Civil War and was commanded by Leon Trotsky .
1634 : The Galileo Affair is written in the English language .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the USA which is led by President Barack Obama . The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music which has funk as a derivative .
There is an ethnic group of Vietnamese people in Japan .
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , a country which contains the ethnic group Native Americans and whose leader is known as the President .
Ahmet Ertegun has a background as a non performing personnel .
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 2 . 7 kilograms . It has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 kilometres .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is locaated in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Alan Bean , retired , was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a test pilot and crew member of Apollo 12 .
Glen Ridge is located in the Essex County in New Jersey .
Bacon sandwiches are made using bread and originate from the UK . A variation is known as the BLT .
Alan Martin has played football for Clyde F . C . and for Hamilton Academical F . C . Clyde F . C . are managed by Barry Ferguson and play at the Broadwood Stadium .
Alex Day is associated with the musical artist , Charlie McDonnell .
Aaron Deer plays the bass guitar , performing songs in the indie rock genre , which has its stylistic origins in Garage rock .
Atlantic City in Atlantic County , New Jersey , is part of the U . S . A . where Washington , D . C . is the capital and New York is the largest city in the nation .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S , where Americans live and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The title of the leader of United States is The President of the United States .
Austin , Texas which has the area codes of 512 and 737 , has a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per sq km . It covers an area of 703 . 95 sq km of which 686 . 0 sq km is land mass .
The executive class Alfa Romeo 164 Sedan , known as the Alfa Romeo 168 , has a straight four , 6 - speed manual Getrag transmission engine .
Canada is led by Elizabeth II and the national anthem is " O Canada " . An ethnic group of Canada are Asian Canadians .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama Spain .
Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine .
Arlington Texas has an area of 258 . 2 SqK .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the leader is known as the President , the capital is Washington D . C . and 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written there .
James Craig Watson who studied at the University of Michigan , discovered 101 Helena and later died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Massimo Drago plays for A . C . Cesena .
The number of members of Azal Pfk is 3500 .
Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg created the comic book character of Arion who is also known as Ahri ' ahn .
Amarillo , Potter County , Texas with the area code 806 , has an area of 233 . 9 square kilometers and there are 746 inhabitants per square kilometre . It is located 1099 . 0 above sea level .
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for AFC Ajax .
Albany is a city in Oregon in the U . S . Salem is it ' s capital . English is spoken in the U . S . and an ethnic group there are Asian Americans .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción , in Paraguay . Agustin Barboza , whose musical genre is Guarania , is signed to Philips Records .
Rome is the capital of Italy .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He went school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 , was a test pilot and was a crew member aboard Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S and is launched from the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
The city of Anaheim , California is led by the Californian state assembly located in the California state capital and part of the Californian state legislature .
JV Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice which was published in hardcover and has the OCLC number 51969173 .
Operated by Infraero , and serving the city of Curitiba ( part of the South Region , Brazil ) , Afonso Pena International Airport is located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region , in India . Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township in Madison County , part of Indiana , United States .
A Glastonbury Romance has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 , can be found in hardcover and has 1174 pages .
The Audi A1 is classed as a super mini .
The AIDAluna is 252m long and has a beam of 32 . 2m . Her maiden voyage was on March 22nd 2009 .
Olive oil is used in the Lazio regions Amatriciana sauce .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency . The alma mater of Ab Klink is Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Akeem Ayers used to play for Los Angeles Rams .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone and built by Abarth which was founded in Italy .
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville , North Carolina .
The dish bhajji is related to pakora and cauliflower can be used in it .
Ring of Fire II was preceded by 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
The ALV X - 1 rocket had a total of one launch from Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport . It hails from the US and has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
Khadija Arib is the leader of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands .
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team and Penarol .
Stuart Parker ' s football club was Stockport County F . C .
Architect John Madin , of Birmingham , designed 103 Colmore Row ; Birmingham postal code is B and is led by the Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager , he was a footballer for Chesterfield FC . and Bury FC .
Peter Stoger is a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club .
101 Helena , with an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres , was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian National . Mr . Watson died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) contains water and is found in Spain .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base , located 84 metres above sea level , serves the city of Fallujah and has a runway length of 4 , 019 .
The United States , which has the capital city of Washington DC , is the location of Attica , part of the state of Indiana .
A Long Long Way , the prequel to The Secret Scripture , was published by Viking Press .
Addiction is the abbreviated version of the Addiction journal .
Alfred N Phillips retired on 3rd January 1939 after serving in the United States Army , which fought in the Korean War .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , where David Cameron is the leader and the capital city is London .
Agra Airport is in India and operated by the Indian Air Force . One transport aircraft there is the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III . Two leaders in india are Narendra Modi and T . S . Thakur .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas in Austin , which is linked to the university of texas system . The school is part of the Big 12 conference . He passed away on Feb 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
The asteroid 10 Hygiea was discovered by Annibale de Gasparis . It has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second , an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . Its epoch date is 27th June 2015 .
Dublin is led by the European Parliament .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 . He was chosen by NASA in 1959 and he served as a crew member of Apollo 14 . He died in California on the 21st July 1998 .
The Acura TLX ' s engine type is the Honda J , the manufacturer of which , in Honda .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , in New Jersey .
The apoapsis measurement of 1036 Ganymed is 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
Amarillo , Texas has the area code 806 , is 1099 . 0 above sea level , has a total area od 233 . 9 sq km and a population density of 746 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup London UK . London is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom and the leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II .
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor . It was first aired on 3 October 1983 , being broadcast by the BBC .
Alan Bean , who received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 and was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission , retired in June 1981 .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and later played for the Los Angeles Rams , who play at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and whose coach is Jeff Fisher .
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku .
Anders Osborne is signed to the record labels Alligator Records and Okeh Records . He is a blues artist .
An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is brown sauce .
Almonds are part of the Rosaceae family , the order of Rosids , and are an ingredient in ajoblanco .
Tim Brooke - Tayler , born in Buxton , starred in bananaman .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany .
William Anders who was born in Hong Kong before becoming a resident of the United States . He graduated in 1962 and retired in 1969 .
The cost of 108 St . Georges Terrace is 120 million AUD .
The runway length of Amsterdam airport Schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force who are the operating organisation for Agra Airport . The airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is led by Ram Naik .
Aaron Turners sings Post - metal music for a living .
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' which comes from Malaysia .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , U . S . , and Susana Mendoza is the leader .
San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and also significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco .
Alpharetta , is in Georgia , in the United States , where Washington , D . C . is the capital .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 .
1000 Piazzia , once known as 1967 ED , has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 , a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and the epoch date June 27th 2015 .
The Aston Martin made Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport . The Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
The Alhambra was launched on 1855 - 05 - 31 .
Adonis Georgiadis worked at the Greek Ministry of Health .
Peter Stöger is a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödling and Favoritner AC . He also manages 1 . FC Köln and is at the FK Austria Wien club .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont . He represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and became the Secretary of State before ending his career on 3 March 1857 .
Born in Dallas , Elliot See served as a test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1962 .
Alvah Sabin who , represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District , died in Sycamore , Illinois .
The Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC . The country is the location for the city of Albany which is part of Benton County in Oregon .
Al Anderson , who is part of the NRBQ band , once played with The Wildweeds and was born in Windsor , Connecticut .
The leader of Buenos Aires is called Gabriela Michetti and this is the place where Alberto Teisaire died .
Arem - arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Albennie Jones is a solo singer and played blues music .
Chinese and Indonesian dish Bakso contains : ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
The AIDAluna , built by Meyer Weft and owned by AIDA Cruises , is 252 metres long and has a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis and he played for Old Man Gloom .
The test pilot Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas , Austin . He died in St Louis on the 28 Feb 1966 .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India has 250 employees and was established in 2001 . Mumbai is India ' s largest city and the country is home to the Ganges River .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay whose leader is Tabare Vazquez and he died in Montevideo .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the U . K . which is the country Alfred Garth Jones came from and where he died , in London .
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and serves Lake Placid and Saranac Lake . It is located in Harrietstown , New York and has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
William Anders has retired . He was born 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT with an MS in 1962 . He served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Abradab performs hip hop music , a genre that originated from funk music and Disco .
Tabaré Vázquez is the leader of Uruguay .
There are around 700 postgraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The Latin name of 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis .
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is called Johann Schneider - Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore where the currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Tony Tan .
Agnes Kant worked at the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba which is part of the State of Paraná .
Akeem Den ' t first team were the Atlanta based Atlanta Falcons .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was in office while John F . Kennedy was president .
Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock .
Alan Shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country where Alfred Moore Scales lived . Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville , part of the American Civil War conflict . A commander in the American Civil War was Abraham Lincoln .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the UK .
Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Appletone International Airport serves Appleton which is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin .
The ALCO RS3 is 17068 . 8mm long and has a diesel electric transmission . It was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . His musical genre was rhythm and blues , which disco is a derivative of , and he died in New York City .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States , where the capital city is Washington DC , are the African Americans . Alpharetta in the state of Georgia is located in the country .
Alan Bean ( born on the 15th of March 1932 ) was a member of the Apollo 12 crew as a test pilot . David Scott commanded the Apollo 12 which Alfred Worden was the backup pilot . Alan bean is now retired .
Albert Jennings Fountain died in the United States and was born in Staten Island .
Adams County , Pennsylvania has to its west Franklin County , Pennsylvania .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . He is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes .
Verona , Italy , is the home to A . C . Chievo Verona playing in the Serie A league .
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana , the state where Alexandria is located , in Madison County , in the United States .
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of the Derbyshire Dales ( in County of Derbyshire ) , where Bakewell pudding originates . A variant of the pudding is Bakewell tart which has Frangipane as one of the ingredients .
T . S . Thakur is India ' s leader .
The epoch of 1089 Tama - formerly known as A919 HA ; 1927 WB - was 2005 - 11 - 26 and its apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
1099 Figneria has a temperature of 156 . 0 kelvins .
A . D . Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league , he is playing in it ' s ground at Metapán .
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens and served as Prime Minister while Adonis Georgiadis was in office .
Attica is in Fountain County , Indiana , US . It is 166 above sea level and has an area of 4 . 14 sqkm and population density of 783 . 1 per sqkm .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York , United States .
The 1955 Dodge convertible ' s engine size is 230 cubic inches .
Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , is a retired astronaut who was a member of the crew of Apollo 12 .
Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York City .
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , in Indiana , U . S . where African Americans are an ethic group .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region .
The largest city in Vermont is Burlington .
Ace Wilder is a solo singer .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English .
Alan Martin played for the Clyde F . C . at Broadwood Stadium .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 103 Hera , studied at the University of Michigan .
The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University .
Represented by Chris Patten , British Hong Kong is known as the birth place of William Anders , who retired on September 1st , 1969 .
The christening date of AIDAstella is 2013 - 03 - 16 , its service began on March 17th 2013 . It measures 253260 . 0 millimeters in length .
Elliot See was a test pilot who was born on 23 July 1027 and died in St Louis .
The Delta II rocket originates from the United States and is similar to the Antares Rocket which launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Anderson , Madison County is located in Indiana and has an elevation of 268 . 0 meters above sea level . Anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and its population density is 524 . 9 inhabitants / sq km .
Alvah Sabin started active service on 1853 - 03 - 04 . He is from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . He died in Sycamore , which is located in DeKalb County , Illinois .
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia . Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore and the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob .
66391 1999 KW4 epoch was on 2004 - 07 . 14 . and its apoapsis is 162164091 . 8388 kilometres .
Andrew Rayel is associated with musicians Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed .
Originally from the U . S . , the Atlas II was first flown from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . It is 3 . 04 m in diameter and took its last trip on the 5th of Dec . 2002 .
Ilocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines .
Alan Martin played for Accrington Stanley FC and currently for Motherwell FC at their ground of Fir Park .
103 Hera , that has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km , was discovered by James Craig Watson who later died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The Antares rocket was built by Orbital ATK and has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres . It was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 , and made the final flight on 28 October 2014 .
The 320 South Boston Building is 121 . 92 metres tall and has 22 floors .
With a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , Anaheim California , has a total area of water of 25 . 2 square kilometres .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , which is based in Brazil and also competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force whose aircraft carriers transport the Lockheed AC - 130 .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School is in Ohio .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbr . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences . Code information : ISSN number 0567 - 7920 , LCCN number of 60040714 , CODEN code APGPAC .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is in the Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Gettysburg Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated to Association of MBAs and is the alma mater of Ab Klink . Klink was born in the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . Its dean is Mario Botta . Switzerland ' s leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Although Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language , as spoken in Great Britain , it originates from the United States . This country is led by Barack Obama and includes many Asian Anericans .
Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variant of bakewell pudding and popular in the Derbyshire Dales area .
Alpharetta , Georgia is in the United States where Washington D . C . is the capital and African Americans are one of several ethnic groups .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway made of asphalt that is 733 . 0 in length .
Alfred Garth Jones , who comes from the U . K . , where Elizabeth II is the leader , died in London .
Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin BS in 1955 . He was selected as a crew member for the NASA operated Apollo 12 in 1963 .
Albert B . White , born in the United States in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . He was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson , who dies in Charelston , West Virginia .
The Aston Martin V8 was made in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , UK . Its engine volume is 5 . 3 litres . It is similar to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and the Aston Martin DBS .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England .
The ALV X - 1 is 1 . 524 m in diameter and has a 2 stage rocket phase . It had one launch that failed .
Albany , Georgia , is part of the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans but his former team is the New England Patriots .
As well as being affiliated with the Association of American Universities , Cornell University publishes Administrative Science Quarterly .
African Americans are an ethnic group of the US , where the capital city is Washington DC and where Auburn , Alabama is located .
The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on January 9th 2014 . , and itsfinal flight on July 13th 2014 . The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the American Civil War . He was awarded the Purple Heart .
A . D . Isidro Metapán , are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez and have 10000 members .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader , and the currency used is the Indonesian rupiah .
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862 .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , based in New York .
Alfons Gorbach ' s place of birth was the state , Tyrol , Austria , Hungary . He died in Styria , in Austria .
Cleveland born Albert B White , whose wife was Agnes Ward White , died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD , with the periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 km , was discovered by Spacewatch .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) can be found in Turkey .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground , Sportpark De Toekomst , is operated by AFC Ajax .
Akron , Ohio is part of the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date on 4th November 2013 and has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days . Its periapsis is 41498400000 . 0 and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km / s .
" The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is Denmark ' s leader . AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark and the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D . C . " .
Mondelez International , founded in Chicago , is the creator of Barny cakes .
103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England , with 23 floors , was designed by the architect John Madin and was completed in 1976 .
The 1955 Dodge also known as the Dodge Custom Royal has a 3 speed auto transmission and a V8 type engine .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and represented Connecticut ' s 4th Congressional District . A member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , Abner W . Sibal ' s successor was Marjorie Farmer .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone .
Andra makes a living as a singer and a reality television judge .
Amdavad ni Gufa , located in Ahmedabad ( India ) , was completed in 1995 .
AWH Engineering College is in Mumbai , India in the state of Kerala . Mumbai is the largest city in the country and to the northeast of Kerala is Mahe .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II .
Abner plays for the club , Real Madrid Castilla and the CD FAS club .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and has the IATA Location Identifier of AGR .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and is now an artist for the band Isis . His genre is post - metal , which uses the cello .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Kirk Joseph .
Allama Iqbal International airport serves and is located in the city of Lahore , Pakistan . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operates the airport which has a runway named " 18L / 36R " that is 2900 . 0 long .
The ground of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . They have 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 A EPSTH , Greece .
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia it ' s country of origin and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too , it ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . It also contains noodles .
Found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , is Alpena County Regional Airport . This airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 metres .
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and Felipe VI of Spain leads the Spaniards .
In Texas they speak English and Austin is the capital while Arlington is a city .
Albert B . White finished his career on March 4th 1905 and was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
The Ariane 5 was launched from ELA - 3 at the Guiana Space Centre , Kourou , French Guiana .
John Madin , who was the architect of 103 Colmore Row was born in Birmingham . The governing body of the city ( which has the B postcode ) is the City Council led by the UK Conservative Party .
The foundation place of the American Locomotive Company is Schenectady , New York .
The birth place of Abradab is Poland where Kashubians are an ethnic group .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires , which is the place where Alberto Teisaire died .
William Anders retired on 1 September 1969 . He was a fighter pilot who was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong . In 1963 he was chosen by NASA to serve as a member of the crew on Apollo 8 .
Alessio Romagnoli is in the Italian national under 17 team and also plays in the Serie A for AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Alberto Teisaire , is a national of Argentina , where Spanish is spoken . Alberto Teisaire , was in office while Juan Perón was president . Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina .
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit recipes , which also contain sweet potatoes , and come from the Philippines .
The Administrative Science Quarterly comes under the academic discipline of Management .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 and is located in Asherton , Texas . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
Attica , Indiana is in Fountain County , Indiana , which is part of the United States .
The United States , where English is spoken , is home to Albuquerque in New Mexico .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League , in which the current champions are Vila Nove Futebol Clube .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was published in print form .
Auburn , Alabama is in the United States ; where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and where the capital is Washington , D . C .
Anaheim is in Orange County ( part of the Greater Los Angeles area ) , California , US . Anaheim has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and is led by the United States of House of Representatives .
Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where the currency is the Euro and Gerard Larcher is the leader .
First published in 1987 , the Aids Journal ' s discipline is HIV / AIDS .
Alfons Gorbach ' s birthplace is lmst , in Austria - Hungary .
South of Cumberland County , Pennsylvania lies Adams County . The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in the municipality of Gettysburg . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
Albennie Jones , was born in the U . S . A . where African Americans are an ethnic group . Albennie Jones performs jazz music which has its stylistic origins in the blues . The musical genre Afrobeat is a fusion genre and contains elements of other genres such as Jazz .
Atlas II originates from the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the language English . Americans live in the U . S . , and its ethnic groups include African Americans .
Austin , Texas is the largest city in Travis County , Texas .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub who was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
Robert E . Lee was one commander at the Battle of Salem Church and Aaron S . Daggett fought in this same battle .
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner has played with Black Metal band Twilight and performs with Sumac . Death metal is a fusion of black metal .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 518 . The name of the runway is 03L / 21R and is made of Poaceae .
Alan Bean was part of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA .
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia was formerly called A911 MD and has an epoch of 31 July 2016 . The orbital Period is 5 . 75 days and the periapsis is 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
Luciano Spalletti ' s club is A . S . Roma .
Agnes Kant has Netherland nationality and is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour " red " and is led by Emile Roemer .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and went to AFIT , M . S . 1962 and was the United States Ambassador to Norway .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad , who plays for Steel Azin F . C . also plays for Al Talaba SC .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Dimmit County , Texas .
Aaron Bertram is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and plays for the Suburban Legends band . Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music which has its origins in Ska .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois ( the capital of which is Springfield ) , United States . The English language is spoken in Illinois .
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens and served in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . Adonis Georgiadis was in office during Samaras ' term as Prime Minister .
Test pilot Elliot See , who worked for NASA beginning 1962 , was born July 23rd 1927 and died 1966 - 02 - 28 in St Louis .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where the Igorot and Ilocano peoples are ethnic groups and the spoken language is Philippine Spanish .
Alan B . Miller Hall was completed on " 1 June 2009 " .
Boris Johnson is the leader in London . 20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and is located in London . London is lead to the European Parliament .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door model .
Appleton international Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States and serves the city of Appleton . Greenville is part of Ellington , Wisconsin . Little Chute is part of Appleton , Wisconsin .
Juan Perón , a member of the Labour Party in Argentina , was Agrgentina ' s President when Alberto Teisaire was in office . Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , and his successor was Isaac Rojas .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery , led by Alexander L . Wolf .
Dan Horrigan is the governor of Akron , Ohio which has St . Vincent - St . Mary High School located in it , and inside the high school is the Akron Summit Assault organization .
The first runway of Angola International Airport is 13123 feet long .
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena which is located in Baku .
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 in British Hong Kong and graduated , with an M . S . , from AFIT in 1962 . William Anders crewed Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969 . .
Alan Shepard died in California on July 21 , 1998 . He was born in New Hampshire On 11 - 18 - 1923 .
Aaron Deer has a background as a solo singe and the genre is Psychedelia .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria .
Alan Shepard who graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school is in the state of Karnataka and has 700 post graduate students . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai .
Connecticut Senate ' s 26th District Republican member Abner W . Sibal was succeeded by Majorie Farmer . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and died in Alexandria , Virginia .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has 1174 pages . It can be found by ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
Elliot See was a test pilot who was a student at the University of Texas in Austin , a school that competes in the Big 12 Conference . The school is affiliated with the university of Texas system and See died on February 28th , 1966 in St . Louis .
Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome and the language used in the country is Amharic .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S . and launched from he Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . It has a diameter of 3 . 04 metres and made its final flight on 16 March 1998 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas , which is part of the community of Madrid , in Spain .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He obtained an Sc . D in 1963 from Massachusetts Institute of Technology . He became a fighter pilot and has retired .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina . He was part of the Labour Party in that country and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . Juan Perón was president when Mr . Teisaire was in office .
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is elevated 34 . 0 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway has a length of 1960 feet .
Lake Placid and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown , New York ) are served by Adirondack Regional Airport .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St Mary High School , Akron , Ohio ( led by Dan Horrigan ) US .
101 Helena has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per second and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km .
At 23 metres above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , in the United States .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport in Madrid has an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level . Madrid is part of the community of Madrid and located in Spain .
St . Vincent – St . Mary High School is in the state of Ohio .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina .
Born in Knightsbridge , Airey Neave ; started his career on 30th June 1953 , fought in the Battle of France , and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and he plays progressive metal music .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey , which is in the United States .
Abel Hernandez plays for U . S . Città di Palermo and belongs to the Central Espanol youth team . He has played for Penarol , managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer with the genre soul music .
Located in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The airport serves the city of Lahore , has the runway name 18L / 36R , and has a runway that is 3360 . 12 long .
Guarania stylr musician Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay . He has a background as a solo singer and is signed to the record label of Philips Records .
Anders Osborne is a blues artist signed to Alligator Records .
Atlantic City International Airport , ICAO Location Identifier KACY , is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . It is 23 . 0 metres above sea level . The runway , named 13 / 31 , is 3048 . 0 metres long .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , part of Gran Asunción .
The number of undergraduates attending the Acharya Institute of Technology is roughly 10000 students .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown in New York , in the United States .
With a ground in Rome , A . S . Roma , competed in the 2014 season . They play in Serie A , the champions of which have been Juventus FC .
Ahmet Ertegun is rhythm and blues artist from Washington DC in the United States whee African Americans are an ethnic group . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . The currency used is the euro and the Greek language is spoken in the country .
Arròs negre made with squid is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain .
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s successor was Olusegun Obasanjo , while Mike Akhigbe ' s predecessor was Oladipo Diya .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport . Abilene resides in the counties of Taylor and Jones within the United States .
Aleksandre Guruli is 178cm in height and was born in Batumi . He previously played for FC Karpaty Lviv and currently for FC Dinamo Batumi .
Produced between May 1950 and August 1956 , the ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works . It has a V12 engine and it has a cylinder count of 12 .
The author , John Cowper Powys , has written the books A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle ( in that order ) .
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township which is in Madison County , in Indiana .
Agra Airport is in India and run by the Airports Authority of India . It has the IATA Location Identifier of AGR and the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and variations include the BLT . It can also be known as a bacon butty , a bacon sarnie , a rasher sarnie , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich .
Indiana ' s capital is Indianapolis and the city of Angola is part of Indiana .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis . Ethnically the country is largely Germanic .
The ALV X - 1 has 2 rocket stages and is 1 . 524 m round . It had 1 total launch from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Cornell Unversity is in New York .
The main ingredients of the Indonesian dish known as Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal .
Bakewell pudding , a classic dessert , can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
A . S . Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy and they played in Serie A where the champions were Juventus F . C .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Dayton Dutch Lions .
Anderson is part of Indiana ( in the United States ) , the capital of which , is Indianapolis . Anderson , is led by the Democratic Party of the U . S . which is chaired by Debbie Wasserman Schultz .
Buzz Aldrin was awarded the " Legion of Merit " ribbon .
Albany in the United States is located in Oregon where the capital is Salem .
Chinese Filipino people are from the Philippines .
AS Roma play in Serie A ( of which Juventus FC are champions ) . Their chairman is James Pallotta who was born in Boston .
Alfred N Phillips , who retired on 1939 - 01 - 03 , was a member of the US Army . The United States Army was involved in battles in the Spanish - American War .
Anderson is a city in Indiana , United States .
Binignit includes the ingredients of sago and sweet potato , the latter of which is part of the order Solanales and is a flowering plant .
Alan Shepard was born 1923 - 11 - 18 in New Hampshire . He died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in California . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with M . A . and was chosen by NASA in 1959 .
Scot Gemmill is coach for the Scotland national under - 19 football team .
Adam McQuaid , who has played for the Boston Bruins . was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets who are based in the city of Columbus , Ohio and managed by Jarmo Kekalainen .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the US where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Song writer Ace Wilder , was born in Stockholm and has a musical background as a solo singer .
On 11 July 1907 the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument was established by the National Park Service in the Monocacy National Battlefield . It now belongs to the category of historic districts within the US .
Born in Athens , Adonis Georgiadis , is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party .
Alan Bean who was born in Wheeler , Texas joined NASA and was a crew member of Apollo 12 .
James Pallotta is the chairman of A . S . Roma .
A . F . C . Blackpool Mechanics ground holds 1500 fans . The club ' s full name is Association Football Club Blackpool and in the season 2014 - 2015 they played in the North West Counties Football League .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , the capital of which is Austin . English is the language of Texas which is located in the United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania USA . Franklin County is to the west , Cumberland County is to the North and Carroll County is to the northwest .
The Audi A1 is built in Brussels , Belgium and has a 1 . 2 litre engine .
Bakewell Tart is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . Aarhus is located southwest of Mols .
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States . It is also the country where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Amarillo , Texas has a population density of 746 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Atlanta is a part of Fulton County in Georgia .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War , which was written by David Weber .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , NJ and is from the United States . He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11 . He walked in space for 52 minutes . He is now retired .
Al Asad Airbase , operated by the United States Air Force , uses The McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft carrier .
With a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres , Atlanta ( George ) covers an area of 344 . 9 square kilometres , and has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 , in Serbia . A solo singer is part of Aleksandra Kovač ' s background and his genre is soul music .
Abradab , from Poland , played with the band Kaliber 44 . He is linked with Magik , the rapper .
The Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled in the United Kingdom . It is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . where Barack Obama is the leader of the country which includes many Asian Americans .
Donald J . Irwin succeeded Abner W . Sibal .
The architect responsible for Adare Manor was Philip Charles Hardwick .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg , playing for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig , and previously for RB Leipzig .
The US is home to Native Americans and also where Soho Press published A Loyal Character Dancer .
Alan Frew is a solo singer , who plays rock music which has its stylistic origins in blues . Rock has its origins in folk music and one of its musical fusion is bhangra .
Bakso is food that originates from Indonesia , Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso , Vermicelli is also an ingredient of Bakso .
AIDAstella is 253260 . 0mm long with a 32 . 2m ship beam . It ' s operated by AIDA Cruise Line and built by Meyer Werft .
Italian based , Costa Crociere , owns the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruise Line .
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which is found in the Antioquia Department . The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia .
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is administrated by the Arrondissement of Antwerp .
A Glastonbury Romance , OCLC number 76798317 , is available in hard cover and is 1174 pages .
Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska .
James Craig Watson was a Canadian who graduated from the University of Michigan and later died in Madison , Wisconsin . He was the discoverer of 101 Helena which has a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 kms .
London is the capital of the UK which is led by Elizabeth II via the European Parliament . The native people are known as British and 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the country .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s successor was Al - Amin Daggash afterhe ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems was published by the Association for Computing Machinery .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , is located in Alcobendas , Madrid , Spain . ENAIRE is based in the city and is the operating organization for the airport .
AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the leader is David Cameron .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut , united states where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The sauce called arrabbiata can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Rome is the capitol city .
Bakewell pudding includes : Ground almond , jam , butter and eggs and can be served fresh ( and warm ) or cold .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He is now retired but was a member of the Apollo 11 crew , .
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . John Geering created the series which stars Graeme Garden .
The asteroid 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . It has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 .
Synthpop music is the genre of Alex Day . Synthpop music spawned from House music and has its origins in Disco .
Casey Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A Ribicoff , who was born in the US , where African Americans represent one of the ethnic groups .
The Atlas II was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 , which is operated by the United States Air Force .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , can be found in Adams County Pennsylvania . The county is bordered to the north by Cumberland county and to the southeast by Carol County .
Baked Alaska is a dessert from France . The leader of the country is Gerard Larcher and fun fact ; Sandesh is also a dessert !
AIDA Cruises , located in Germany . is the owner of AIDAluna , which is powered by Caterpillar Inc . Caterpillar Ince , . founded in California , is located in the United States .
110 Lydia is a celestial body with an orbital period of 142603000 and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 . Its epoch is 31st December 2006 and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 kilometres per second .
John Cowper Powys died in Blaenau Ffestiniog .
Anderson is within Richland Township , Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is in Wellington .
Aaron Hunt previously played for Hamburger SV , but now belongs to the youthclub SV Werder Bremen and plays for Goslarer SC 08 .
American Motors successor is Eagle .
The Asser Levy Public Baths in Manhattan , New York City are part of New Netherland .
Baked Alaska is a dessert ( as is the cookie ) , it hails from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher .
Poland has an ethnic group called Kashubians .
Anderson , Indiana is located at 268 . 0 above sea level .
The asteroid called 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 and was formerly called A900 GA . It has a periapsis measurement of 416136000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec .
Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe , whose successor was Atiku Abubakar . Abdulsalami Abubakar , a member of the Nigerian Air Force , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . The commander of the Nigerian Air Force is Sadique Abubakar .
Birmingham ' s governing body is the City Council and Khalid Mahmood , a British politician is one of the leaders . The city is the birthplace of John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row , and has the " B " postcode .
Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr , more commonly known as Buzz Aldrin has now retired . He is a US national who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a ScD and became a fighter pilot .
Fried chicken is a key ingredient in Ayam penyet from Malaysia .
English is spoken in the United States which has Washington DC as its capital and includes the ethnic group of African Americans . The country is the location of Akron , part of Summit County in Ohio .
The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation , DeSoto Custom was made by DeSoto .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico , They speak Spanish there and eat a food called Bionico . It is served as dessert and honey can be used as a variation of it .
The Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of Audi who were founded by August Horch and made the Audi A1 .
Bakso is a traditional dish in Indonesia and popular in Southeast Asian countries . Jusuf Kalla is the leader in Indonesia whose capital is Jakarta and where the language is Indonesian .
A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands , which is sequeled to Maiden Castle , and was preceded By Wolf Solent , which author is John Cowper Powys , who was born in Shirley , Derbyshire .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S . where Barack Obama is the leader , also known as President Barack Obama , and where an ethnic group , Native Americans , reside .
Qarabag FK , are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League . Also to play in that league are AZAL PFK , who are in the 2014 season and have 3500 members .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S . and is 3 . 04 metres in diameter . It was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 , making its final flight on 5 December 2002 .
Almonds are in the division of flowering plants .
The comic character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn .
purple finch is the bird of New Hampshire which is the birthplace of Alan Shepard .
The Aston Martin V8 assembly took place in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and his genre is country music .
Abradab started performing in 1994 .
Alberto Teisaire was a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Perón was president . He died in Buenos Aires . a city led by Gabriela Michetti .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae .
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown , New York and serves both the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake . The airport is 507 meters above sea level and the length of its runway is 2003 . 0 .
AFC Blackpool , with 1500 members , has the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " , and its ground is called " The Mechanics " .
Albuquerque in New Mexico , United States is led by the Albuquerque City Council , whose leader is Richard J . Berry . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . and English is the language spoken .
The Abarth 1000 GT , which ended production in 1958 , has a Coupé body style and a wheelbase of 2160 mms .
Akeem Priestley , who plays for the Jamaican national football team is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem , which comes from Indonesia , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The leader of Birmingham is the Conservative Party ( UK ) , and it has the postcode area ' B ' . Its governing body is Birmingham City Council .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , in the United States , where Washington D . C . is the capital .
Doris Bures is a leader of Austria where the language is Austrian German . Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria ( in Austria - Hungary ) and died in Graz .
Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin and he represented Vermont as the Secretary of State .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain , where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
The academic staff at the AWH Engineering College number 250 .
Aaron Hunt , former player for SV Werder Bremen II , now plays for Hamburger SV .
Andrew White plays alternative rock and signed with Polydor Records in London . Nu metal music is a fusion of alternative rock .
The United States , which is where the Atlas II originates , uses the English language . It has the capital city of Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
Former member of the Flibbertigibbet band , Alison O ' Donnell , is an artist for the band Mellow Candle and performs jazz music .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland where the leader is Juha Sipila .
French is one of the spoken languages of Canada .
Achaya Institute of Tachnology , located in the state of Karnataka in India , at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , located in the city of Belgaum .
AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson and published by American Institute of Physics . A . T . Charlie Johnson graduated from Harvard .
The AIDAluna is 252 metres long and had it ' s maiden voyage on 22 March 2009 .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is in Texas , in the United States .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 , an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
The tomato is from the family of solanaceae and the genus Solanum , and is a key ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia , originaly made the country Java . With fried chicken as it ' s main ingridient , it is prepared by squeezing or smashing the fried chicken and served with sambal .
The chairman of the A . S . Roma is James Pallotta .
Abel Hernandez has played for the Central Espanol youth team , US Citta di Palermo and for Penarol . U . S . Città di Palermo are managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Joe Vitt is coach for the St . Louis Rams .
A commander in World War II was Joseph Stalin .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama which is part of the Madrid Community in Spain . The airport is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid .
The ALV X - 1 ; has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres , has 2 rocket stages and had one failed launch .
The density of 101 Helena is 2 . 0 gram per cubic cm .
Ayam penyet is a dish known in Singapore and Indonesia . The main ingredient is fried chicken which is squeezed or smashed . This dish comes with sambal and is served hot .
The official language of Argentina is Spanish .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Theresa Andersson and with Tab Benoit .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km .
Adolf Schärf was born in Austria - Hungary .
CD FAS plays in the Salvadoran Primera Division league .
The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras .
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna , which is powered by Caterpillar Inc . The company , Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in California and is based in Peoria , Illinois .
The ship A - Rosa Luna weighs 1850 tonnes , has a top speed of 24 . 0 , is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length , and is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine .
Dead Man ' s Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Austin is the capital . Houston is largest city in Texas where the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano .
The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester , England , where the Labour Party is in the majority . He died in London .
Uruguay ' s leader is Tabaré Vázquez .
The United States is home to Americans and Asian Americans , with its cpital at Washington , DC . It is also the location of Akron , Summit County , Ohio .
The ELA - 3 is operated by Arianespace and found at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana . The Ariane 5 was launched there .
Baked Alaska and cookies are considered desserts . Baked Alaska originates from Gerard Larcher led France .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio , US . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US whose capital is Washington DC and whose leader is called the President .
Synthpop has its origins in Disco , New Wave and House music . It is also the style of artist Alex Day .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Baked Alaska , famous in New York , is originally from France . The leader of France is either Gérard Larcher and / or Manuel Valls .
Turkmenistan Airlines headquarter located in Turkmenistan and operates the Ashgabat Airport and its hub airport the Turkmenabat .
Auburn is part of Alabama in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
European Parliament is the title of the leader of Dublin .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg which was part of the American Civil War .
The Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research centre discovered asteroid 66063 1998 RO1 and used to be called 1999 SN5 . It has an epoch date of November 4th , 2013 and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and a periapsis of 41 , 498 , 400 , 000 kilometres .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Barack Obama is president and where A Severed Wasp is from .
The 1955 Dodge and the Plymouth Plaza are both cars .
The home of the Houston Texans is the city of Houston .
A Glastonbuy Romance is published by The Bodley Head , whose founder is Charles Elkin Mathews .
Mario Botta is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 .
Agnes Kant , a Netherland national , is a member of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer and uses the colour of red .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , which is part of Dale , Wisconsin , located in the U . S . A .
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria , the country led by , Doris Bures .
Peter Stöger is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and manages 1 FC Koln . He also plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling .
A . F . C . Blackpool play in the English Football League .
The celestial body known as ( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an orbital period of 69862200 and a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 .
Alan Shepard , who graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 , died on July 21st 1998 in California .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where some Chinese people live .
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama and is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States where Joe Biden is a leader .
Angola , Indiana is in the United States , where English is spoken . It is also where Native Americans , are one of the many ethnic groups .
The Addiction journal , about addiction , is also known as just ' Addiction ' .
The building of 103 Colmore Row completed in 1976 is located in Birmingham and has 23 floors .
Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler Texas ) served as a test pilot .
The Ganges is a river in India .
An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is tomato which belongs to the solanaceae family .
sausage is a main ingredient in bacon explosion .
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff , who was an American national .
The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico , which is part of Bernalillo County , United States . English is the language spoken in the United States .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) died in California .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in the English language . It is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans .
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University and has the abbreviation Admin . Sci . Q . . The ISSN number is " 0001 - 8392 " and the LCCN number is 57059226 .
The peanut sauce - based dish Batagor is found in Indonesia . It is a variation on the dish Siomay or Shumai . Indonesia ' s leader ' s name is Joko Widodo .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and went on to attend the University of Texas at Austin .
Alvah Sabin originates from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . Sabin represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and ended his career on 3rd March 1857 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , it ' s runway is 3078 . 48 long .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ , in the rock music genre , a musical fusion of which is bhangra music .
Aenir has the ISBN number of " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 " .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , a mid size luxury executive car has a 4 - speed auto ( ZF 4HP18QE ) transmission with a straight - four engine . It is also referred to as the Alfa Romeo 168 .
The Antares rocket , with a medium expendable launch system , is made by Orbital ATK and was launched by Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union , in 1948 . Aleksandr Chumakov ' s club is the Soviet Union national football team .
Adam Holloway , born in Faversham , began his career on 5th May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards . A member of the U . K . Conservative Party , Adam Holloway attended Magdalene College , Cambridge .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Iraq national under - 20 football team and his club is Shabab Al - Ordon .
103 Hera has a rotation period of 85466 . 9 .
The musical genre of the singer Andra is dance pop . Andra is associated with Marius Moga and the band CRBL .
Bakso is food found in Indonesia and China . The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
Monroe Township , Madison County is in Indiana .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is created in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Native name of theMemorial is " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " . Its designers are Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
The AIDAluna is 252 metres long and its christening date was 4 April 2009 . AIDAluna service was started on the 22nd of March , 2009 . .
Akron is located in Summit County , Ohio in the U . S . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . The people living in that country are known as Americans .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom . The leader of the UK is David Cameron and English is the language spoken .
Arrabbiata sause , which is made with oregano and garlic , is from Italy .
In Summit County , Akron , Ohio , U . S . there is a mayor . Many citizens in the U . S . are Native Americans . The capital of the U . S . is Washington DC .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the Seminary Ridge , in the US state of Pennsylvania . Established in 2000 , it is categorized as a contributing property .
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre , which is a musical derivative of both house and disco music .
Baked Alaska is from the country of France .
B . Zellner was the discoverer of 107 Camilla .
The luxury vehicle Acura TLX , assembled in Marysville , Ohio , has front - wheel and all - wheel drive and a Honda K engine .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled in Arese , and the Saab 9000 are similar vehicles .
Ajoblanco is a Spanish dish found in Andalusia and bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil are among its ingredients .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland on 22 September 1856 . His career began on 4 March 1901 and ended on 4 March 1905 when he was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq and is led by Fuad Masum . Arabic is spoken in the country which has Haider Al - Abadi as its leader .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems , ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . , has an ISSN number of 1558 - 2868 and an LCCN number of 89646863 .
The American Submarine NR - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m and was launched on January 25 , 1969 .
Aaron Deer was born in the United States .
Born in Reidsville , North Carolina , Alfred Moore Scales , was Governor of North Carolina . He was a member of the U . S . Democratic Party and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle . The alma mater of Alfred Moore Scales was the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Auburn , is part of Lee County , in Alabama , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is , African Americans .
Arion ( also known as Ahri ' ahn ) is a comic character created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema , who won the Eisner award .
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips , a Democrate , worked as Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district and was succeded by Albert E . Austin .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonica , and made of bronze . It is located in Izmir , Turkey , and was inaugurated July 27th , 1932 . The country is led by President Ahmet Davutoglu , and the capital city is Ankara .
The United States is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia , and includes the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups .
Henry Clay was leader of the Whig Party of the United States .
Akeem Ayers ' draft pick is 39 and he currently plays for the Los Angeles Rams . One of his former clubs is St Louis Rams .
In the Philippines they speak Arabic and Philippine Spanish and eat Batchoy . Ethnic groups there include Zamboangans and the Igorot people .
NRBQ member Al Anderson , born in the United States , was a member of The Wildweeds .
AIDA Cruises operates the AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft in Germany .
The population density of Anderson , Indiana is 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ( dean Mario Botta ) is located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland , was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100 . Johann Schneider - Ammann is the country ' s leader and his title is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania and erected in 2000 .
The editor of AIP Advances is A . T . Charlie Johnson , who is from the United States . He is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham and his almaMater is Stanford University .
The musical instrument clarinet is closely associated with jazz .
Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager of SV Werder Bremen , the club Aaron Hunt ( who plays for Hamburger SV ) , used to play for .
In his youth , Abel Hernández played for Peñarol and Central Español but he currently plays for the Uruguay national football team .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , Switzerland which is governed by a Federal Assembly and has as its Chancellor , Johann Schneider - Ammann . The country ' s anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party ( United States ) , which was led by Henry Clay . Sabin represented Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington .
Attica is in Fountain County , Indiana where Covington is the County seat and Indianapolis the capital . All are in the US .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . and the largest city there is Seattle . Auburn is part of King County , Washington which is in the U . S .
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party who was led by Daniel Webster .
A Wizard of Mars ISBN number is " 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 " .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who originated from Birmingham ( postal code ' B ' ) . Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham , with Birmingham City Council as the governing body .
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township in Madison County , Indiana of the U . S . A . Anderson is 107 . 43 square kilometres large and has 523 . 9 residents per square kilometre .
The Atlantic City International Airport ' s runway surface is made of Asphalt and Concrete .
Meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients in Baked Alaska , which is said to come from Hong Kong and China .
The ELA - 3 , where The Ariane 5 was launched , is operated by Arianespace . The site of ELA - 3 is at the Guiana Space Centre , whose headquarters are in Kourou , French Guiana .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County in Ohio .
John Buscema has been awarded by the Academy of Comic Book Arts .
The city of Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon , US .
300 North LaSalle , Chicago has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres . Construction of the building was completed in 2009 .
Japan , home to many Brazilians , is also home to the Akita Museum of Art , founded and located in Akita Prefecture .
Atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres .
Perth is located in Australia .
The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on April 21st 2013 and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places for Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House in Asherton , Texas , is 88002539 .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba lulia , Alba . Its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " and its nickname is " Uab " .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country which Attica , Indiana , is part of .
The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 .
John van den Brom , who plays for Vitesse Arnhem , is the manager of AZ Alkmaar .
English is the language both of Great Britain and the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from The US where you can find the ethnic group of African Americans .
Albennie Jones is a jazz artist .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio , in the United States , where the capital is Washington D . C . , and the inhabitants are known as Americans .
London is the capital of the U . K .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio and Frank G Jackson is a leader .
Elliot see selected by NASA in 1962 died in St . Louis .
Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and manages A . F . C . Fylde . He is also affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F . C .
Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina and he was succeeded by James Madison Leach .
Addiction , the abbreviated name of the Addiction Journal , has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 , the LCCN number 93645978 and is published by Wiley - Blackwell .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 . This minor planet , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 kilometer per second . Its apoapsis is 605718000 . 0 kms , and it has the orbital period of , 179942000 . 0 .
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12 which is operated by NASA .
Alderney Airport , which serves the city of Alderney , is 88 metres above sea level . Its airport runway is named 08 / 26 , has a length of 497 and is made of asphalt .
Atlas II originates from the United States , where Americans live and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The leader of the United States has the title President of the United States .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for Inter Milan .
Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 and ended it on March 4 , 1905 . He was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson .
Ben Urich ' s full name is actually Benjamin Urich , the character was created by Gene Colan .
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader and Indonesian is the language .
The Irish book The Secret Scripture followed the book " A Long Long Way , " which is written in English ( the language of Great Britain .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where Washington D . C . is the capital and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County , which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area in the state of California . Parts of California speak Chinese .
Poaceae is of the order poales , the class of Monocotyledon and belongs to the order of Commelinids . It constitutes the surface of the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand .
Black Canadians are one of the ethnic groups of Canada .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Eric Flint , was preceded by Grantville Gazette II .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . Other names for the sandwich are the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
The memorial depicting the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry was founded on July 11th , 1907 .
The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511592000 . 0 km .
Allen Forrest ' s genre is Hip Hop music which has its origins in Disco .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States . The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , an organisation based in New York .
Ahmet Ertegun , born in Istanbul , performs rhythm and blues , which originates from blues music and is the origin of disco .
Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana is located in the U . S .
A Severed Wasp is written in the English language and is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Euro is the currency of the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte . From the Netherlands , Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and attended Leiden University .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music . He is signed to the record label Kissing Spell Records and was once signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records .
In the United states , there is an ethnic group of Native Americans . The U . S . is made of many places , it ' s capital , Washington D . C . , Newark New Jersey , and even Atlantic City New Jersey .
AS Roma ' s manager is Luciano Spalletti ( who was also at Virtus Entella ) and they play in the Serie A league . The Champions of that league are Juventus F . C .
Ann Arbor is found in Michigan where Detroit ( it ' s largest city ) is also located .
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish and is found in Indonesia .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland which is led by Enda Kenny . The language of the republic is English and the native people are known as Irish .
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport iin Madrid is 3500m and named 14L / 32R .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
250 Delaware Avenue , United States , has 12 floors covering an area of 30843 . 8 square metres , and had a building start date of January 2014 .
The AIDAstella is currently in service .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , which was established on July 11th , 1907 , is in the Historic District of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland .
The location identifier of Al Taqaddum Air Base is MAT .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Zawra ' a SC and is part of the Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . , which is manged by Adnan Hamad .
Albany is a city in Linn County , Oregon in the United states where English is spoken . The capital of the United States is Washington DC . and Native Americans are an ethic group .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka , where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe , the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE in Madrid .
Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737 and student body of 16000 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarus , Denmark . The dean is Thomas Pallesen .
The Atatürk Monument in İzmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 . It can be found in Turkey , a country with Istanbul as its largest city and the lira as its currency , and led by the President of Turkey , Ahmet Davutoglu .
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit which comes from the Philippines .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas . Its runway name is 18R / 36L and the length of it is 3500 feet .
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and his former team is the St . Louis Rams .
Alex Day is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell .
Casey Ribicoff is married to Abraham A . Ribcoff , who was born in Connecticut and worked as Governor there .
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient used in Amatriciana sauce , which comes from Italy .
The nationality of James Craig Watson is canadian .
Brooklyn is part of New York City .
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States where the native language is English . 250 Delaware Avenue is also located there .
Aleksandr Tukmanov is the chairman of FC Torpedo Moscow .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce .
During the American Civil War Jefferson Davis was one of the commanders . The conflict included the Battle of Chancellorsville in which Alfred Moore Scales , who started his career on 4 March 1875 , took part .
The comic character , Balder , was created by Stan Lee .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and is operated by the Flemish government .
The Acura TLX has a V6 engine and is manufactured by Honda .
The United States includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans amongst the Americans living there . It is the location of Albuquerque in New Mexico .
The runway length at Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport in Madrid is 3500 . 0 .
Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War of which the Battle of Antietam was part . Aaron S Daggett fought in this battle .
Post metal musician Aaron Turner , who sings for a living , has performed in the bands House of Low Culture and Isis .
Aaron S Daggett , who fought in the Battle of Salem Church , was awarded the Purple Heart .
Al Taqaddum Air Base located in Habbaniyah , serves the city of Fallujah . It is 84 . 0 metres above sea level . Its runway is 4 , 019 long .
Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol ' s youth club and is associated with the Central Español club which is part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league . Penarol club is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
The type of government in Aarhus is that of magistrate . The city of Aarhus is where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located .
Michele Marcolini manages the A . C . Lumezzane and plays for Atalanta B . C .
The maiden flight of Ariane 5 took place on 9th March 2008 and its final flight was on the 18th December 2009 . Its launch site was was ELA - 3 launchpad . Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres .
Elliot See was born in Dallas .
Annie Dunne was followed by A Long , Long Way .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland .
A S Livorno Calcio ' s home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi , and the legue they play in is Serie B .
Binignit is made from Taro and is served as a dessert as is Sandesh .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music , which is derived from funk and disco . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
Part of the Cuyahoga Country in Ohio if the United States , Cleveland has the leader Frank G Jackson and is the location of the 200 Public square .
English is spoken in the UK .
Abilene , Texas , has a population density of 429 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich and is a lot like a bacon sandwich which many people have with brown sauce .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell , publisher of Addiction , which has the full name of the Addiction Journal .
The total area of Angola , Indiana , is 16 . 55 square kilometres , and the population density is 524 . 5 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , in Indiana and it has an elevation above the sea level of 324 . 0 .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India . It has 250 academic staff . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest and its leader is Kochi .
The California State Assembly , ( located in the state ' s capital ) and Tom Tait , lead ( chinese speaking ) Anaheim , California .
Aaron Deer is a an Indie rock guitar player .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County in Ohio , United States . Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland .
Aplena County Regional Airport lies 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . The airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . His alma Mater was NWC , where he received an M . A . in 1957 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the US Navy . He died in California .
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II where Alexander Nouri is the manager , and his current club is VfL Wolfsburg who play in the Bundesliga .
The creator of Blockbuster ( comics character ) is Gardner Fox .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in the year 2000 in India . Its president is B . M . Reddy . The University itself is in Belgaum .
AI Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ who plays the guitar and performs rock music . He was previously a member of The Wildweeds .
Alternative Rock , of which Andrew White is a proponent , has its roots in punk rock . The Alternative Rock genre is the basis of further musical fusion sytles , such as ' nu metal ' and ' christian alternative rock ' .
Adam Koc fought in the battle of the Polish – Soviet War and was given the Order of Polonia Restituta .
The state of Karnataka , the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology has Telangana to the northeast and the Arabian Sea to the west .
The Polish Academy of Sciences which serves Poland publishes the Acta Palaeontologica Polonica .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India . Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 .
With a floor count of 45 , 200 Public Square is located in Ohio , Cleveland , in the United States .
Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , fought in the Battle of France .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens in Greece where he worked as Minister of Health . He was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , categorized as a Contributing Property , is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , US .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , U . S . A . The airport is 210 meters above sea level and the runway is 1533 long .
Ajoblanco originates from the Andalusian region of Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader . The country ' s main ethnic group are the Spaniards .
Luciano Spalletti was at the club Virtus Entella .
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International in Chicago but can now be found in France . French is the language of France which is led by Claude Bartolone .
The latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is " universitas Aarhusiensis " .
Birmingham ' s governing body is Birmingham City Council .
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 4 , 349 .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and the DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes .
Ashgabat International Airport has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
The United States is home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans and the dish Bacon Explosion . Paul Ryan is a leader in the US , where the capital city is Washington DC and English is the language used .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where ethnic groups include the Asian South Africans and the Coloured . Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa , and its capital is Cape Town .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Press .
Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and its population density is 1142 . 3 people per sq . km .
Basko , a Chinese dish , is made with beef as a main ingredient .
Andrew Rayel performs Trance music , which has origins in pop music and he has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Adonis Georgiadis works at office as " Vice - President of New Democracy " .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences and has the abbreviated form of Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . The LCCN number is 60040714 and the ISSN number is 0567 - 7920 .
Anderson ( part of Anderson Township ) , is located within Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The epoch of 101 Helena is 2006 - 12 - 31 . It has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs , an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 ( days ) , an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music .
The CODEN code for Acta Mathematica Hungarica is " AMAHE9 " and the abbreviation is Acta Math . Hungar .
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 497 . 0 and the 1st runway has a poaceae surface .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , served as a test pilot and was a member of the Apollo 8 crew .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama was on 26 November 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and its apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
The U . S . House of Representatives is in the U . S . Capitol and they lead Anaheim , California which is in Orange County .
Anaheim , CA has 25 . 2 square kilometres of water .
Akeem Ayers debuted for Tennessee Titans , but has also played with The New England Patriots .
Alison O ' Donnell , formerly of the Flibbertigibbet band , plays for United Bible Studies .
Alberto Teisaire ' s place of death was Buenos Aires , where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader and where , the governing body , is the Buenos Aires City Legislature .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio ; Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland .
Signed with the recording label Stanyan Records , Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music , a derivative of which , is Funk .
Alfred Moore Scales was at the Siege of Petersburg that took place during the American Civil War . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in that war .
AEK Athens FC played in the 2014 season .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India was established in 2000 . Its president is B . M . Reddy . It is associated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and the language spoken in the country is Italian . Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy which has Rome as its capital and where you can find amatriciana sauce .
Elliot See went to the University of Texas at Austin to compete in the Big 12 Conference . He died in St . Louis with Francis G . Slay .
Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , N . J . serves Atlantic City in the U . S . A . The city ' s leader is Don Guardian .
200 Public Square which has 45 floors was completed in Cleveland in 1985 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property .
A Wizard of Mars written by Diane Duane has the OCLC number 318875313 ace and ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Allen Forrest was a solo singer and hip hop artist born in 1981 in Dothan ( Fort Campbell ) , Alabama .
Blue , white and orange are the colours adopted by Acharya Institute of Technology .
Adam McQuaid , who played for the Boston Bruins , was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets whose general manager is Jarmo Kekalainen and are based in Columbus , Ohio , .
There are 600 students at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which has Mario Botta as Dean and is situated in the city of Mendrisio , .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara district , in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons , who play in Atlanta . He used to play for the Houston Texans .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ which are exponents of Country music .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London , the city in which 20 Fenchurch Street is located .
Arlington can be found in Tarrant County , Texas , USA . Austin is the capital , and Houston is the largest city , in Texas .
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr .
Amarillo is part of Potter County and Randall County , both in Texas , United States . Canyon is the county seat of Randall County .
The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . The dish was created at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , Derbyshire .
A . S . Roma ' s fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . and they play at the Stadio Olimpico . The club has 70634 members and played in the Serie A in 2014 - 15 .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and are nicknamed Alvinegro .
N . R . Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He was a British national and discovered 107 Camilla .
Antioch in California , ( the state where Vietnamese is sometimes spoken ) , is led by the United States House of Representatives which is part of the United States Congress .
The AWH Engineering College , Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India , was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . A river in India is the Ganges , and Kerala state ' s leader is Kochi and .
Aenir has a ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and is a prequel to Above the Veil .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is led by the President . The country is the location of Akron , part of Summit County in Ohio .
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) derives from Argentina , whose capital is Buenos Aires .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC , have 69618 members and are in the Superleague of Greece .
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines , where the language is Philippine English and one of the ethnic groups is Igorot .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 in which Ryan Potter stars .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where Prokopis Pavloopoulos is a leader .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup Denmark .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 .
Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae and is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
The Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey is located in Atlantic City , New Jersey . It is served by Atlantic City International Airport which has a runway length of 1873 .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 .
Paul Ryan is the leader and President Of the United States . An example of a street name in the United States is Delaware Avenue and an example of an ethic group is White Americans .
AC Cesena , who have a ground in Cesena , has 23900 members . They play in the Serie B league which has Carpi FC 1909 as previous champions .
Paulo Sousa plays for the Portugal national football team .
The asteroid called 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
Published by the American Institute of Physics , AIP Advances is edited by A T Charlie Johnson , who ' s almaMater is Harvard University . They are a resident of the US .
The bacon sandwich from the UK has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . The main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and it is often served with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment .
Angola , Indiana is in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell , Kentucky and was raised in Dothan , Alabama . He ' s a Rhythm and Blues solo singer .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and is abbreviated Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . The CODEN code is " APGPAC " and the LCCN number is 60040714 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway that is 3400 metres long .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Virginia DeMarce is 448 pages long and in print .
Baked Alaska is from France , it ' s currency is also the Euro and it ' s leader is Gérard Larcher .
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow where the leader is Sergey Sobyanin . His clubs are FC Torpedo Moscow ( managed by Valery Petrakov ) and the Soviet Union national football team .
The purple finch is the bird of New Hampshire , the birthplace of Alan Shepard .
Maiden Castle ( novel ) was preceded by Weymouth Sands .
1089 Tama has a rotation period of 17 . 28 .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) derives from Argentina where Gabriela Michetti is the leader and Beunos Aires the capital .
The Administrative Science Quarterly , OCLC 1461102 , is published by SAGE Publications founded by Sara Miller McCune .
Alfred Moore Scales ' s successor was the politician , James W . Reid .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ' s abbreviated name is Acta Palaeontol . Pol .
The book ' A Long Long Way ' with the OCLC number 57399346 is available in hardcover and has 292 pages .
Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) went to the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System .
200 Public square is in Cleveland , United States and the governing body is Cleveland City Council .
Abner W Sibal ' s date of birth is 11 - 04 - 1921 .
Born Manchester ( England ) , Alfred Garth Jones died in London . the leader of which , is Boris Johnson .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s runway name is 03L / 21R and its surface type is Poaceae .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation . Its runway name is 10L / 28R , is 25 meters above sea level , and 2777 meters long .
Akron Summit Assault ( Akron , Ohio ) played in the Premier Development League , which K - W United FC were champions .
Springer Science + Business Media is the publisher of Acta Mathematica Hungarica .
The United States Air Force is the operating organization for Al Asad Airbase . The USAF has fought in the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom . The Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on US aircraft carriers .
The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family .
103 Colmore Row , designed by architect John Madin , is located in Birmingham .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas .
Arros negre originates from Catalonia ( led by Carles Puigdemont ) .
Born in Miri ( Malaysia ) , Abdul Taib Mahmud , lives in Sarawak , and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Alan Frew was born in the United Kingdom , but his origins are from Newmarket , Ontario in Canada . He is a public speaker with a background as a solo singer .
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under - 20 football team and also for Ferencvarosi TC .
AS Roma , whose ground is the Stadio Olimpico play in the Serie A League of which Juventus FC are former champions .
The Aleksey Chirikov is an icebreaker in service that was built in Helsinki , Finland .
Allan Shivers ' successor was Ben Ramsey .
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar for Twilight and Mamiffer . They play Black metal whose musical fusion is death metal .
The United States House of Representatives ( part of the United States Congress ) , leads Albuquerque , New Mexico , which is in the United States , where they speak English .
Covington is the County seat of Fountain County , in Indiana .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US where Abraham A Ribicoff , who ws married to Ruth Ribicoff , holds American nationality . He was born in New Britain , Connecticut and died in New York .
Austin is the capital city of Texas , US , and it is also where Amarillo , Potter County is located . English is the language of the country .
The A - Rosa Luna has a 2 × MTU 16V 2000 M60 engine and is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
The comic character of Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and the US National , Paris Cullins .
The location of Caterpillar Inc . is Illinois .
George Brenner is the creator of Bozo the Iron Man .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain , where Spaniards are from .
Peter Stoger plays for SC Wiener Neustadt and FK Austria Wien while also being a manager at 1 . FC Koln .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War and received the Cross of Independence award and the Cross of Valour for Poland .
Albert B . White , who was born in Cleveland an died at Parkersburg , West Virginia was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson who was born in Bloomington Maryland .
Auburn , Washington is led by the Mayor , has a population density of 914 . 8 per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare until he was succeeded by John N Dempsey . He later died in New York City .
Abilene is a part of Texas , where Houston is the largest city . Texas is located in the United States , where the language spoken is English and the capital is Washington DC .
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014 season .
Alan Bean retired in June 1981 .
Atlantic City is located in New Jersey in the United States , a country which includes the ethnic group of Native Americans .
The United States is the origin of Atlas II . It has the capital city of Washington DC and includes the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups .
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama in the U . S . One of the ethnic groups in the United States , is Asian Americans .
' A Glastonbury Romance ' was followed by ' Weymouth Sands ' which was authored by John Cowper Powys .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is in the Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya club .
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom , which came before the DeSoto Firedome . The DeSoto is related to the Dodge Coronet and the 1955 Dodge is manufactured by Dodge .
The runway length of Afonso Pena International Airport is 1800 . 0 .
Ausi makes the A1 . Audi owns Ducati , and was founded by August Horch . Quattro Gmbh and etron are all part of Audi .
Arros Negre comes from Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI and they speak spanish , but it ' s more specific to the Valencian Community , where the leader is Ximo Puig .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is FC Karpaty Lviv and he plays for FC Samtredia whose ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium .
Alan Martin played for the Scotland under 21 football team , whose coach is Rcicky Sbragia .
One food found in Indonesia is arem - arem which although is found nation - wide , it ' s specific to Java . Indonesian is spoken in Indonesia and it ' s leader is Jusuf Kalla . .
The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans , where Albuquerque , New Mexico is located and Native Americans are an ethnic group of the country .
Aaron Bertram is a member of rock band Suburban Legends ( Trombonist Brian Robertson ) and the Kids Imagine Nation band .
At 64 . 008 metres above sea level , Albany , Oregon , has a water area pf 0 . 54 square kilometres . Albany ; has a total area of 45 . 97 sq kms , a population density of 1104 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre , and the are codes , 541 and 458 .
Turkmenistan airlines have headquarters in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan and are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International airport that has a runway length of 900 . 0 .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is 3 , 310 .
English is the both spoken in Great Britain and the language of the United states where " A Loyal Character Dancer " is also published .
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2 , 195 .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , born in Miri , Malayisa , was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , whose deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where English is the language .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert .
The English language is spoken in the United States and Alpharetta , Georgia is located in the country .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . and is written in English . One of the ethnic groups in the US are the Native Americans .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves Appleton , Wisconsin . It is 280 m above sea level and its runway is 1982 m long . The runway name is 3 / 21 .
The 1955 Dodge has a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
David Cameron is the leader in the United Kingdom where English is the spoken language . The AIDS journal is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer .
Albert Jennings Fountain , born in the United States , where African Americans represent one of the ethnic groups , died in Dona Ana County in New Mexico .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and run by the Airports Authority of India . Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand and Ram Naik is the leader there .
The literary genre of Alcatrz Versus the Evil Librarians is fantasy literature .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a 672 page hardcover book written by J . V Jones .
The leader of London is Boris Johnson and is home to 20 Fenchurch Street .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 . It was discovered by Spacewatch and has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
Bhajji is an Indian dish from the Karnatake region , where the leader is Vajubhai Vala . Indians is the name given to people from India and the leader of the country is Narendra Modi .
Alessio Romagnoli is with the club U . C . Sampdoria . He is part of the club which is Italy ' s national under 19 football team .
Singapore dish ayam penyet is also popular in Java . Made with smashed fried chicken and sambal , ayam penhet should be served hot .
he 1955 Dodge with a hardtop has a V8 engine and a 3 speed auto transmission . It is also called the Dodge Coronet .
Texas maintains the capital as Austin and is the home of Houston ( the largest city in TX . ) and the Andrews County Airport . Tejanos are people of Texas .
Published in Hardcover , Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarian has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Bakso comes from Indonesia , and is traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too . It ' s ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
Minnesota Wild ' s general manager is Chuck Fletcher .
Alan Bean is an American and was born in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT at Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He worked as a test pilot and was chosen to work for NASA in 1963 . Bean spent 100305 minutes in space , and he has since retired .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force .
Abradab is from Poland .
William Anders , who was from the United States , was actually born in British Hong Kong .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Bobina . Trance originates from House music .
Abradab originated from Poland .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located at Ticino , in the city of Mendrisio . There are 600 students in attendance , and the school is headed by the dean , Mario Botta .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor , in the state of Kerala , India . It was established in the year 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . The largest city in the country of India is Mumbai . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest .
Baked Alaska and the cookie are desserts , the former originating from France , where French is spoken .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and later worked as the secretary of the state .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and used to play for Hamburger SV .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is similar to the Fiat Croma and related to the Lancia Thema . It ' s assembly line is in Italy , whose capital is Rome .
AIDAstella , which is owned by Costa Crociere , was built by Meyer Werft , located in Papenburg . The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruise Line and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
Ampara Hospital , located in the Ampara district of the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , has 476 beds .
A Long Long Way is preceded by Annie Dunne .
ACF Fiorentina , or ACF Fiorentina S . p . A . , has 47290 members and played in the 2014 - 15 Serie A season .
The journal AIDS , was first published in 1987 and belongs to the academic discipline HIV .
With a total area of 131 . 6 square metres , Anaheim , California ( United States ) , is led by the California State Senate , which is part of the California State Legislature .
The author of the book A fortress of Grey Ice is J . V . Jones and this book has the OCLC number 51969173 .
The alma Mater of Alfred Moore Scales is the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
ALV X - 1 was launched once at Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport and is 1 . 524 metres in length .
Ace Wilder , a solo singer and a songwriter , was born in Sweden .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chung and was created by Steve T . Seagle and Duncan Rouleau , an American .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . A . the country where Abraham A Ribicoff was born . American , Abraham A . Ribicoff , is married to Ruth Ribicoff .
Robert A . M . Stern is the architect of Alan B . Miller Hall of which The Mason School of Business is the current tenant .
The country of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana , is United States .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has 12 cylinders , a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 mms .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in English , the language spoken in Great Britain . It originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce and is one of the members of the order Solanales .
Born in the United States , Albert Jennings Fountain , fought in the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres and an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 . Its epoch date is July 14th 2004 .
Chorizo is an ingredient of the typical Colombian cuisine known as Bandeja Paisa .
The bronze Ataturk monument is located in Turkey where President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader . The capital city is Ankara , although the largest city is Istanbul and the local currency is the Turkish lira .
English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language A Loyal Character Dancer was written in . It was published by Soho Press who are based in the United States .
200 Public Square finished in 1985 has 45 floors .
Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Dale , Wisconsin .
Bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco which is a food from Andalusia in Spain .
Alhambra is owned by the P & O company and was built by the Samuda Brothers . The Alhambra is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine and they are located in Deptford .
The BLT is a variation on the club sandwich .
Annibale de Gasparis discovered 10 Hygiea .
Alfred Moores Scales , whose alma mater was the University of North Caroline at Chapel Hill , was succeeded by the politician James W Reid .
Anderson is part of Indiana , where Indianapolis is the capital .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and written in the English language .
The ELA3 is operated by Arianespace and located at the Guiana Space Centre . The Ariane 5 was launched there .
William Anders , now retired , was a fighter pilot and crewed Apollo 8 . Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on the Apollo 8 mission operated by NASA and Frank Borman was a crew member .
The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 .
Buzz Aldrin spent 52 minutes in space .
The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014 and its final flight on July 13th 2014 . Its launch site was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It was built by Orbital ATK and has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for AS Roma and the Italian under 17 teams .
Test Pilot Elliot See was born 23rd July 1927 and died in St . Louis .
The AMC Matador , which is also known as the VAM Classic , was assembled in Thames , New Zealand and is equipped with an AMC V8 engine .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez , who is a member of the El Salvador National Football Team , also manages the team .
Born in Fort Campbell , Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines .
Julie Morgan designed significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco .
Sweden is the birthplace of Ace Wilder , a songwriter , whose background is as a solo singer .
King County is in Auburn , Washington in the United States .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena , and he also plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club .
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , in the United States , and has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County , Maryland to its southwest .
Atlanta based Atlanta Falcons was the debut team of Akeem Dent . He later played for Houston based Houston Texans , who are owned by Bob McNair .
Audi make the Audi A1 . The company has a division called Audi e - tron and a subsidiary called Quattro Gmbh .
The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and is the home of a severed wasp .
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco , which is from Andalusia in Spain .
Augustus Pugin , the architect of Adare Manor , was born in Bloomsbury .
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0 . 0068 km / sec and has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
Ayam Penyet is a food found in Java where an ethnic group is Baduy .
American William Anders was part of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman as chosen by NASA .
The comic character , Blockbuster ' s alternative name is Roland Desmond and was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern .
Albany is part of the state of Georgia .
Adam Koc fought in World War 1 and was awarded the Polish Cross of Valour .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint has 512 pages , can be found in E book format and has an ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 , was awarded with the American Defense Service ribbon .
Albilene , Texas has a population density of 429 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Arlington is part of Texas .
The 1955 Dodge has an AMC V8 engine and a station wagon style body .
101 Helena , has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres , and an average temperature is 173 . 0 kelvins .
Alfred N . Phillips served in the United States , Army , the army which was involved in battles in the Spanish - American War .
Alan Frew plays with Glass Tiger and is originally from Newmarket Ontario , Canada .
The Comic book character Ben Urich was created by Roger McKenzie .
The 11th Mississipi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and it is located in Adams County , Pa . The Monument is categorised as a contributing property . To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County ( Pa ) , to its west is Franklin County ( Pa ) and to its southeast is Carroll County ( Maryland ) .
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane is published in Hardcover .
The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Ponteareas in Spain . The leader in Spain is Felipe VI and Spanish is the main Language .
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover .
Albany , Oregon is located within the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s who was born in Connecticut , United States , was the Governor of that state and he is a member of the United States Democratic Party . He died in New York City , New York .
Olympia is the capital of Washington .
The owner of Alpena County Regional Airport is Alpena County , Michigan .
1963 was the beginning of Jazz musician , Alison O ' Donnell ' s active years . She was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and is an artist for the band Mellow Candle . Alison O ' Donnell ' s recording label is Floating World Records .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled inArese , and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars .
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 and is available in hardcover .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
On the NASA operated Apollo 11 program , crew member Buzz Aldrin spent 52 . 0 minutes in space .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is FC Samtredia , whose ground is the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium . He has also played for FC Karpaty Lviv club .
Bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco , which is from Andalusia , in Spain .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , a city in Orange County which is part of California .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC located in Al Khor .
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso .
Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia where Asam pedas is one of the foods .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Denmark and has a staff of 737 .
Akron Summit Assault have their ground at St Vincent St Mary High School which is based in Akron , Summit County , Ohio in the United States . Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron .
200 Public Square is found in Cleveland , Ohio .
Test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , USA .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is governed by Cleveland City Council .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is located in the U . S . where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Alfons Gorbach ' s place of birth was the state , Tyrol .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music and started his career in 2005 .
Washtenaw County , Michigan is in the United States and Ann Arbor is part of it . Arabic is a language found in Michigan and Arabic is one of the languages spoken there .
Angola , Indiana is in Steuben County , United States . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where English is the language spoken .
The politician , Daniel Martinez , is Montevideo ' s leader which is in the country of Uruguay and the death place of Alfredo Zitarrosa .
Akeen Dent , whose debut team was the Atlanta Falcons , later played for the Texas based team Houston Texans .
Acehnese people are an ethnic group in Sumatra .
The character Baymax , created by Steve T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau , first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 .
The governing body of Birmingham , which has the B postcode , is the City Council along with labour politician John Clancy . It is the home town of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
William Anders was born on Oct 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . Anders was a fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963 , where he was a member of Apollo 8 . He retired on Sept 1 , 1969 .
Indie rock performer Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indiana . He ' s a musician for the band John Wilkes Booze .
The United States includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups and is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in the state of Texas . Although Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County , Houston is the largest in Texas .
Andrew Rayel is string instrumentalist associated with Christian Burns , an exponent of House music . , and Jwadan Moyine in turn associated with John Digweed .
Aaron Turner performs ambient music . He is associated with the group Greymachine and has played with the band Twilight .
Alex Day ' s active years in music began in 2006 .
Austin , Texas covers an area of 703 . 95 square kilometres and has 1296 . 65 inhabitants for each of those sq kilometres .
The 320 South Boston Building is 121 . 92 metres and has 22 floors .
Daniel Martinez the leader of Montevideo which is the capital of Uruguay , whose leader is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez . Montevideo is the birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , in Uruguay . Montevideo is led by Daniel Martínez and Uruguay is led by , Tabaré Vázquez . The Uruguayan currency is the Uruguayan peso .
Greece ' s leader is Alexis Tsipras .
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Company . It has an engine of 4387 cubic centimetres .
The language is Paraguay is Spanish .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial can be found in Azerbaijan , whose leader is Artur Rasizade .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and had a career from 4 March 1901 to 4 March 1905 . He was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and his successor was William M O Dawson .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the country which has Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma as leaders and where one of the ethnic groups is White South Africans .
Alexandria is part of Madison County in Indiana where the capital city is Indianapolis .
A - Rosa Luna , bulit by Neptun Werft , Warnemunde , has a top speed of 24 . 0 , a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and is 125800 . 0mm long .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere , Finland in 1995 . He plays as a centre for the Florida Panthers .
String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns ( House music ) , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi .
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 post - graduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Abilene is the largest city in Taylor County , Texas .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone .
Aaron Hunt belongs to VfL Wolfsburg and played for SV Werder Bremen , in the Bundesliga . Dieter Hecking manages VfL Wolfsburg .
Arlington in the United States is part of Tarrant County in Texas where the county seat is Fort Worth .
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker is 99 . 83 metres long and it ' s beam is 21 . 2 . The ship was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , where the leader is Enda Kenny , the currency is the Euro and English is the primary language .
Akeem Ayers used to play for Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
Alex Plante , whose club is Anyang Halla , was born in Canada in 1989 .
Born in Chicago , Casey Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A . Ribicoff . Abraham A Ribicoff was from and died in the United States . The country , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Antares rocket , made at the Yuzhnoye Design Office , was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . 3 . 9m in diameter , the Antares ' first flight was April 21 , 2013 and the final flight , July 13 , 2014 .
Ardmore Airport is located in Auckland , New Zealand and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand .
Aleksandr Chumakov , who died in Russia ( leader : Sergey Naryshkin ) , belonged to the Soviet Union national football team and played for FC Torpedo Moscow , which is manged by Valery Petrakov .
AFC Ajax played in the 2014 season .
Argentina is where the country of origin of the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) . This aircraft carrier has a length of 192000 millimetres and its ship ' s beam measures 24 . 4 . The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) was sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , that can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " , comes in hardcover and has 448 pages . The authors of the book are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Randall County , Texas in the U . S .
The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig . He also played for RB Leipzig and was the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
The Acura TLX is a mid - size car with a V6 engine and front - wheel and all - wheel drive . It is made at the Marysville Auto Plant .
Bacon and sausage can be found in the Bacon Explosion that comes from the United States . It is worthy of a main course in the Kansas City Metropolitan area .
103 Hera was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson . He died in Madison , Wisconsin of peritonitis .
The Ariane 5 was built by Airbus Defence and Space and launched at the ELA - 3 , taking its final flight on 27th September 2003 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and fought in the American Civil War which Abraham Lincoln commanded for the Union . A language spoken in New York is Arabic .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science .
The celestial body known as 110 Lydia , which has the epoch date 31 December 2006 , has an orbital period of 142603000 . It has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per sec .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport ( located at San Sebastian de los Reyes ) is operated by ENAIRE which is in the city of Madrid , in Spain .
Honda makes the Acura TLX with a V6 engine .
Alex Day plays synthpop music and is a solo singer . Sythpop comes from pop music and House music . New wave music lends its style to Synthpop music .
Anaheim , which is part of California , is led by the California State Assembly .
Abel Caballero served during the reign of King of Juan Carlos I of Spain , who was born in Rome and married Queen Sofia of Spain .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 . It is made of ground almond , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is situated in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka , India . The president of the institute is B . M . Reddy and director Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . Acharya Institute also has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
In 1962 , William Anders received a M . S . from his alma Mater , AFIT . He was a crew member on Apollo 8 operated by NASA with Buzz Aldrin a the backup pilot and Frank Borman as a crew member .
The AS Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno .
Stuart Parker , is a footballer with the Drogheda United F . C . and has been the manager of AFC Blackpool .
The DeSoto Firedome was preceded by the DeSoto Custom .
Angola , Indiana is part of the U . S . and one of the country ' s ethnic groups are African Americans .
The musical genre of solo singer Ace Wilder , is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
Iraq born Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Iraq national under - 23 football team and for Sanat Mes Kerman FC .
The temperature of 1089 Tama is 179 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States . Cleveland is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio .
Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town . Two leaders of South Africa are Jacob Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa .
Alan Frew is a musician .
The Bacon Explosion is a ' main course ' from the United States . It includes bacon , obviously , as well as sausage .
Preußisch Oldendorf was the birthplace of Walter Baade .
Abel Hernández , whose club is Hull City A . F . C . , used to be a member of youth club Peñarol . Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol which plays in the Uruguayan Primera División league .
Born in Errata , Mississippi , Albennie Jones started being active in 1930 and is a performer of rhythm and blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
Asian Americans and Albany , Georgia are part of the United States , led by a President .
The character Balder created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee .
Christian Panucci was a former player for the Italy national football team , now plays for A . S . Roma as well as manages A . S , Livorno Calcio .
The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the significant building of the Palace of Westminster . He also designed Adare Manor in Adare , Munster .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , which is part of New Netherland .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens ( Greece ) and worked as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament .
ALV X - 1 came from the United States where Americans live .
Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico . The main ingredients of the food are : chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Spanish is spoken and Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader .
Beef kway teow is made in Singapore and Indonesia and contained palm sugar .
James Pallotta , who was born in Boston , is the chairman of A . S . Roma .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark and it was established in 1928 . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen ; it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . It is affiliated to the European University Association .
The primary language spoken in Great Britain is English and the book A loyal Character Dancer was written in this language . It was published by Soho Press which is located in United States . The US includes many Asian Americans .
Athens International Airport is in Sparta , serves the city of Athens , and is 94 metres above sea level .
Abilene , Taylor County , Texas , United States is served by the Abilene regional airport . The runway length of the airport is 1 , 121 .
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label Polydor Records .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is considered a mid - size luxury executive car and its alternative name is the Alfa Romeo 168 . It has a straight - four engine and a 6 - speed manual Getrag transmission .
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle are both creators of Baymax which featured in the film Big Hero 6 . The voice of Baymax was provided by Scott Adsit .
Auburn is located in Lee County , Alabama in the U . S .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , the currency there is the rupiah .
A Glastonbury Romance is in print .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by Artur Rasizade , the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
The AMC Matador is a Coupé .
Albany , Georgia , is in the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The people of this English speaking country , are known as Americans .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26th November 2005 and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 km .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , U . S . A . Dan Horrigan is the leader of that city .
Having played with the band , Twilight , Aaron Turner , performs for Mamiffer . He plays Post - metal , one of the instruments associated with it , is the cello .
Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujurat .
Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol but his current club is Central Español and he plays for the club U . S . Città di Palermo .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam . He belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and worked as a Member of the House of Representatives .
The " Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA " is the complete name of the A . C . Lumezzane . It has 4150 members .
The title of the leader of the United States is the President and is currently held by Barack Obama . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where there are many Asian Americans .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is a member of the order of Poales , the class is Monocotyledon , and belongs to the order of Commelinids .
AS Gubbio ' s home ground is in Italy which is led by Pietro Grasso . The inhabitants of the country are known as Italians and their capital city is Rome .
Atlanta is in the United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C .
Indie rock has its stylistic origins in Garage rock .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Pietro Grasso is a leader . Italy ' s capital is Rome , and Italian is the national language .
Peter Stöger ' s club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling and he is the manager of 1 . FC Koln .
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica , whose monarch is Queen Elizabeth II .
AFC Blackpool ground is in Blackpool , has 1500 members , played in the 2014 - 15 North West Counties Football League season , and has the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama in the United States . The county seat in Lee County is Opelika .
1101 Clemantis has a periapsis of 445895000000 , and the apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres . This minor planet ' s epoch date , is on the 31st of July 2016 .
In South Africa there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans .
Bhajji is a dish which contains vegetables from the Karnataka region of India .
Acura is a division of Honda and therefore the Acura TLX actually has a Honda K engine .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He retired on Aug 1 , 1974 and died in California .
Chinese is spoken in some parts of California , which is where the city of Antioch is located . Antioch , California is led by the United States House of Representatives , which forms part of the United States Congress .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone and made by Abarth . The Abarth foundation was founded in Italy by Carlo Abarth .
Akita in the province of the same name , Japan , is home to the Akita Museum of Art .
The currency of The Netherlands is the Euro and the leader is Mark Rutte . Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands .
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce , it is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula and popular in Indonesia .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Madrid , Spain .
Disco music is a fusion genre of the pop music performed by solo singer Aleksandra Kovac who was born in 1972 in Yugoslavia .
The AMC Matador has an AMC straight - 6 engine .
Spanish is a language spoken in Texas .
Jazz performer , Alison O ' Donnell , is signed to the record labels Kissing Spell Records and Osmosys Records .
The architect Julia Morgan , who was born in San Francisco , designed many significant buildings . These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building ( a Californian landmark ) , the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle .
Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township and Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Madison County , Union , United States .
The total area of Arlington ( Texas ) is 258 . 3 square kilometres .
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , where the Faroese language is spoken . Marriott International , founded in Washington , D . C , is currently the hotel ' s tenant , and Bill Marriott is a key leader in the organisation .
The chairman of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquens has the title of ' President ' .
Akeem Dent plays for the Houston Texans club .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associate with the following artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
The 292 - page A Long , Long Way is available in hardcover .
The bronze Ataturk monument is located in Izmir , Turkey and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay . Montevideo is led by the politician Daniel Martínez , while Tabaré Vázquez is the leader of Uruguay . The Spanish language is spoken in the country .
Atlanta is in DeKalb County , Georgia of the U . S . where one finds many ethnic groups including Asian Americans . .
Discovered Carl A Wirtanen , ( 29075 ) 1950 DA , has a density of 3 . 5 kilograms . Its orbital period is 69862200 . 0 , and it has a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 .
Italian born , Alessio Romagnoli , who played for the Italian national under - 16 football team , plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria .
Aaron Hunt , who previously played for the Goslarer SC 08 youth team is currently playing for VfL Wolfsburg and Hamburger SV .
1089 Tama , with the epoch date of 26th November 2005 , has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
Spain is led by Felipe VI . The country ' s currency is the Euro and the language spoken is Spanish . Spaniards are the main ethnic group . Arròs negre comes from Spain .
The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Italy .
A T Charlie Johnson , whose alma mater is Stanford University , is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham and the editor of AIP Advances .
The United States include the ethnic group of Native Americans , uses the English language and is the location of Albany , Oregon .
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014 .
Juan Peron was married to Eva Peron .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in Sidcup , London . The Mayor of London is Boris Johnson and the European Parliament is the leader of the city .
The full name of AC Chievo Verona which has 39371 members , is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " . The club play in Verona and were part of the Serie A 2014 - 15 season .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , which is a food found in Java , Malasya , where an ethnic group is Baduy .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and his alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen . He was a Parliamentary group leader .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States .
Rhythm and blues performer Albennie Jones started being active in 1930 . R and B originated from the blues and in turn helped give rise to disco .
The record label of Ace Wilder is Warner Music Group .
Meyer Werft is located in Germany and built the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere .
Buenos Aires has the governing body of Buenos Aires City Legislature .
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman .
The General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States which has Barack Obama as leader and includes many Asian Americans .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The US includes many African Americans , and its capital city is Washington D . C .
Alfred N Phillips , who retired on 1939 - 01 - 03 , served in the US Navy , which fought in the Korean War .
Albany , Oregon is located within the United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C . One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans .
A . C . Cesana play in Serie B , previously won by Carpi F . C . 1909 . Massimo Drago , who is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 , has managed A . C . Cesena .
Frederick County Maryland is southwest of Adams Count Pennsylvania .
The comic character of Balder has the alternative name of Balder Odinson and was created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee .
N R Pogson died in Chennai .
Abel Caballero was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch , the wife of which , is Queen Sofia of Spain .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India has 250 academic staff . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest .
Siomay is a variation on shumai .
Ab Klink is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte and the currency is the euro .
The US is home to Asian Americans and the origin place of A Fortress of Grey Ice . Washington , D . C . is the capital .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al - Khor Sports Club within the Qatar Stars League .
Alfredo Zitarrosa passed away in Montevideo , Uruguay where Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez is the leader .
Andrew Rayel started his musical career in 2009 and was born in Chisinau Moldova . He is a Trance music player and is associated with Bobina and Jonathan Mendelsohn , musicians .
Albany is part of the U . S . State of Georgia .
The United States Air Force battled in the Invasion of Grenada .
Sheldon Moldoff is an American .
Adonis Georgiadis , who was succeeded by Makis Voridis , was a member of the New Democracy Party in Greece which has blue as its colour . Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister who in turn served while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister before him .
Black Metal is a genre of Aaron Turner ' s music . Aaron Turner played for Old Man Gloom and played for the Greymachine band .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts . The USAF has Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircfrafts and McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle fighter jets . Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States . The leader of this country has the title President of the United States , which in this case is Paul Ryan .
Al Anderson , who once played with The Wildweeds , is a member of the band NRBQ , and performs rock music . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA and the IATA location is ASB .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 and started with the Tennessee Titans and also played for the St . Louis Rams . He was 39 on the draft pick list .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC and his club is Shabab Al - Ordon .
Akron , Ohio is part of the United States .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press in the United States which published A Long Long Way .
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 . He joined NASA in 1963 and became a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission along with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba lulia , Alba . Its nickname is Uab .
The religion of Denmark is the Church of Denmark and the country is led by Lars Lokke Rasummsen . The city of Aarhus which is located southwest of Mols is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University . The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels .
Batagor , Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 14L / 32R and has a length of 4349 . 0 .
Al Anderson , who plays with the band NRBQ , once played with the Wildweeds and was born on 13 March 1947 .
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress .
Agustin Barboza , born in Paraguay , died in Asunción , which is part of Asunción .
The Romania Prime Minister is Klaus lohannis and he attended 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania . It ' s anthem is called Deșteaptă - te române .
Amarillo is part of Potter County and Randall County , Texas in the U . S . Randall County ' s county seat is Canyon .
Alan Bean spent over 69 days in space , 100305 minutes to be exact !
T S Thakur is the leader of India , which has the currency the rupee . The food bhajji comes from the Karnataka region who is led by Vajubhai Vala .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans . English is spoken in the United States and Great Britain .
A Smilodon is a fossil from California .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . It is operated by ENAIRE . The airport has an elevation of 610 . 0 meters above sea levle . 18R / 36L is the name of the runway and it measures a length of 3 , 500 .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey where the currency is the Turkish Lira .
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač is a member of sister duo K2 and associate with Kornelije Kovac . Disco has it roots in pop and is also fusion .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders . Italy ' s capital is Rome , and Italian is the official language .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerland . It has 600 students and it was established in 1996 . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
1099 Figneria , has a periapsis measurement of 349206000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 km per second . Its orbital period is 179942000 . 0 , and it has the epoch date 31 December 2006 .
William Anders , who retired on the 1st of September 1969 , was born in British Hong Kong where Chris Patten served as a representative .
The leader of Uruguay is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
AIDA Cruises is in Rostock and operates the ship AIDAstella .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in season 2014 . They have 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is an affiliate of the University of Texas system . He died in St louis .
Born in Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago , Akeem Adams ' former clubs include Ferencvarosi TC and T & TEC Sports Club .
Garth Nix wrote Above the Veil which is available in hardcover . This book has the OCLC number 46451790 and an ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
The Acura TLX , which is related to the Honda Accord , is manufactured by Honda and has a Honda K engine .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Greene Maine and died in Massachusetts . He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and awarded the Purple Heart .
Albert B White was born on September 22nd 1856 and died July 7th , 1941 .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain but A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in it even though it comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township which is in Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
Aleksandr Prudnikov who plays for FC Amkar Perm managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev , previously played for FC Spartak Moscow who play at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Barack Obama is the president of the US .
Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards was involved in Gulf War Battles for the military .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan , the largest city in that state is Detroit .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013 - 11 - 04 . It ' s orbital period is 360 . 29 days and it ' s periapsis measures 41498400000 . 0 . The apoapsis for this celestial body is 254989570 . 60815 km .
Musical artist Armin van Buuren is associated with Andrew Rayel who in turn , is associated with pop musician , Christian Burns .
Austin , Texas has a area of land that measures 686 . 0 square kilometers ( total area : 703 . 95 sq km ) and its population density is 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometres .
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , which is part of Grand Chute and Menasha , Wisconsin , United States .
Ashgabat International Airport , ( runway length : 900 metres ) , is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Turkmenistan . The hub Airport of Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport and their HQ is at Ashgabat .
Akron is located within Summit County , Ohio , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups , is African Americans .
Airey Neave ' s unit was the Royal Artillery , which has a garrison at Hohne . He fought in World War II and Benito Mussolini was a commander in the same war .
Succeeded by Adenan Satem , Abdul Taib Mahmud , was born in Miri , Malaysia and resides in Kuching . His alma mater is the University of Adelaide and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is elevated 34 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1411 . The 3rd runway is surfaced with poaceae .
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 , an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the club Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya and is part of the Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England and graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge .
A . S . Gubbio has 5300 members and played in 2014 .
The runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan has a length of 3360 . 12 .
11264 Claudiomaccone , discovered by Nikolai Chernykh , has an average speed of 18 . 29 km per second and an epoch date of 26 November 2005 . Its periapsis is 296521000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 475426000 km .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music , from which drum and bass derives its sounds and the stylistic origin of which is disco .
Alan Bean ( born Wheeler , Texas ) is a US national who became a crew member of Apollo 12 having served as a test pilot . He eceived a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 .
the religion of England is Church of England .
With an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , in Alpena County , Michigan , in the U . S . A .
Owned by Max Huiberts , club AZ Alkmaar is the club of 17023 members .
Anderson Indiana is part of Union and Anderson Township in Madison County Indiana within the United states is led by the Democratic party and it ' s headquarters are in Washington D . C .
The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef , and it is eaten in the Philippines .
Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department area . It includes Avocado which is a plant of the laurales order , belonging to the Lauraceae family .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was a national of the United States where he was born and where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . He was married to Casey Ribicoff and died in New York City .
Casey Ribicoff is the wife of Abraham A Ribicoff who was born in the US and once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office .
Baked Alaska is found in the US where the leader is called the President and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is 192000 . 0 millimetres long .
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April of 2014 .
Succeeded by William M O Dawson , Albert B . White , started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905 .
Binignit comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines . It is made with banana and sweet potato and is served as a dessert .
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit , which also contains banana . The dish comes from the Philippine region of Mindanao .
Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
The Athens International Airport , which is 94 metres above sea level , is found in Sparta and serves the city of Athens .
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the spoken language is English .
1000 Piazzia , formerly known as 1923NZ1951 OB , has an epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 .
The Abilene Regional Airport ' s identifier is ABI and it is 546 metres above sea level .
The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Chesterfield football club and has been manager at AFC Blackpool .
Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards in the military and fought in the Gulf War while Colin Powell was a commander .
Abilene is in Texas in the U . S . and English is spoken in that country . Austin is the capital of Texas .
Anderson is part of Madison County , Indiana .
Alan Bean ( born Alan LaVern Bean ) was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission under Commander David Scott . In total he spent 100305 minutes in space .
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia . It is a variation on the peanut sauce Siomay or Shumai . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of the country .
Test pilot Elliot See was an American who was picked by NASA as part of the space mission in 1962 . See was born in Dallas and died in St . Louis .
One of the languages in the Philippines is Arabic . Batchoy comes from there . Chinese Filipino people are also from the Philippines .
England , where the capital city is London , is the location of Dead Man ' s Plack . The established religion of the country is The Church of England and one of the several indigenous languages is the Cornish language . There are various ethnic groups one of which is the British Arabs .
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown on 12th October 1986 and wieghs 94 . 8024kg .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region , Spain , and white rice is one of its ingredients .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore where they speak Standard Chinese and the leader is Halimah Yacob . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and Ayam penyet is eaten there .
Anders Osborne ' s genre is rock music and his record label is Okeh records . He is signed to the Rabadash Records label .
Robert E Lee was commander in the Battle of Antietam in which Aaron S . Daggett also fought .
The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran , who was born in Italy and is in the Carrarese Calcio club .
The musical genre of Aaron Deer is Indie Rock , which has guitars in it . Indie Rock has its origins in New wave music .
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax . They have 53502 members and were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014 - 2015 .
The apoapsis for 11264 Claudiomaccone is 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall in Virginia which has the Georgian architectural style .
Angola International Airport 1st runway is Number 5 .
Arabic is one of the languages in the Philippines where Binignit comes from .
Solo Dance - pop singer Andra , was born in Câmpia , Turzii .
The christening date of the AIDAluna is 2009 - 04 - 04 .
Ace Wilder ' s musical genre is hip hop which has its stylistic origins in funk .
Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the city of the same name in Ethiopia , a leader of which is Mulatu Teshome .
The Alhambra had a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h and a ship beam of 8 . 3m . . It was 63800 . 0 millimetres long and was was launched on 31st May 1855 .
Alex Plante was born in Canada , whose leaser is Elizabeth II .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvania . The monument was erected in the year 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property .
11264 Claudiomaccone ; has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 , a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres , and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
English is the language spoken in the United States , the country where Atlanta is located .
Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer .
The United States Air force operates the Al Asad Airbase . The United States Air Force was involved in the battle of the Invasion of Grenada . The Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on the USAF aircraft carriers . The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport plane owned by the air force and they own the fighter McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle .
Vegetables are ingredients of Batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines .
The AUDAstella was built by Meyere Werft , operated by AIDA Cruise Line which is owned by Costa Crociere .
Abner is a footballer for the CD FAS club which plays in the Salvadoran Primera division .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and resided in Doesburg . He worked as the Parliamentary group leader and his alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen .
Bhajji come from India where the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
Alan Shepard served as the Chief of the Astronaut Office .
Alessio Romagnoli is in the Italy national under 16 ' s football team .
1634 The Ram Rebellion ( preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair ) comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the President , and its capital city is Washington D . C . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
Abel Caballero ( b Spain ) served during the reign of King Juan Carlos 1 of Spain .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD and discovered by Spacewatch has an orbital period of 39447000 . It ' s epoch date is June 27 , 2015 and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
The post metal instrument is a Cello .
Al Anderson plays the guitar for rock band NRBQ . Rock music originates from blues and country and is an element of the fusion genre Bhangra .
Addiction journal is published by Wiley - Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction .
The Jackson University team is known as the Jacksonville Dolphins .
Synthpop has origins in Disco and House and is a form of Pop . It is the style of artist Alex Day .
The building of 250 Delaware Avenue , United States began in January 2014 . The building has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
France , United States and Hong Kong , China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska .
Sanat Mes Kerman FC player , Alaa Abdul Zahra , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is located east of the Arabian Sea and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Tim Brooke Taylor , who starred in Bananaman , was born in England .
Aaron Turner is a professional black metal singer and he played for Twilight and the Lotus Easter bands . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo which is in Uruguay . The leader of Uruguay is Tabare Vazquez and its currency is the peso .
Auron - full name Lambien - is a comic character created by the American Karl Kesel .
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients of ayam penyet , which can be found in Java , where the Baduy are an ethnic group . The dish comes from the region of Malaysia .
The birth place of Julia Morgan is California .
Alvah Sabin ' s state is Vermont whose biggest city is Burlington . Mr . Sabin belongs to the Whig Party ( United States ) whose leader is Henry Clay .
Alex Day was born in Hornchurch .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland on 22 September 1856 and died at Parkersburg , West Virginia .
The 3Arena ( designed by the company Populous ) is located at East Link Bridge and was completed in December 2008 .
Adams County is located in Pennsylvania , United States to the south of Cumberland County and to the east of Franklin County . Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwest and Carroll County , Maryland to the southeast . Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad used to play for Esteghial Ahvaz F . C . and now palys for Al - Naft .
Abner W . Sibal , who was born in Ridgewood in Queens , worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and his successor was Donald J . Irwin .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of 2014 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
Akeem Adams ' former clubs include Ferencvarosi TC and Palo Seco based United Petrotrin FC .
1967 ED was the former name of 1000 Piazzia which has the epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 .
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames , New Zealand , has a AMC V8 engine , and an alternative name of VAM Classic .
Al Anderson plays the guitar in the NRBQ band in the rock music genre , whose musical fusion is bhangra music .
Hip hop music originated from jazz music and funk music . Abradab is hip hop music as well as Drum and bass .
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched on its maiden flight on 9 January 2014 from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed and he died in West Germany .
Jens Härtel is in the 1 . FC Magdeburg club .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association . There are 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
Julia Morgan is the architect of the grounds of the Asilomar Conference as well as many other significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
Andrew Raye , who plays trance music , knows Jwaydan Moyine , musician . Mr . Rayel is also associated with Armin van Buuren .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has a mass of 4 . 0 kilograms .
Attica , in Fountain County , is located in the United States in the state of Indiana . The state capital is Indianapolis .
Elliot See , deceased . was born in Dallas .
Akron Summit Assault are in season 2011 and have 3000 members . Their manager is Denzil Antonio .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region .
There are 600 students attending the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio .
Alberto Teisaire , who was succeeded by Isaac Rojas , was in office while Juan Perón ( a member of the Labour Party ) was President .
Spanish is spoken in Texas where Arlington is located .
New Jersey ' s , part of the United States , capital is Trenton but it ' s largest city is Newark and it also is where Atlantic City is .
The AMC Matador ' s is assembled by the Australian Motor Industries .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region .
The Atlas II , the launch sit of which is Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . was manufactured by Lockheed Martin , in Bethesda , Maryland .
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport in Madrid .
Alison O ' Donnell is musically associated with the band Head South By Weaving .
Alan B . Miller Hall ' s building start date was in 30th March 2007 .
The Minangkabau people are an ethnic group of Sumatra .
Amdavad ni Gufa located in India whose leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
Gene Colan won the Eisner Award .
Ann Arbor ( Michigan ) , has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres and its area code is 734 . The town is led by a City Administrator and it has a 1580 . 7 per square kilometre population density .
UC Sampdoria play in the Serie A league .
Aston Martin Virage is a related to the Aston Martin DBS which is produced by Aston Martin . The Virage was succeeded by the Aston Martin V8 which is made in Newport Pagnell and has a 5 . 3 l engine .
Macmillan Publishers are the parent company of Tor Books who publish A Fortress of Grey Ice .
Andrew White is associated with musician artist Marry Banilow and plays alternative rock music . That music type ' s origins are in punk rock and New wave music . Nu metal music is a fusion of punk rock .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where Asian Americans form one of the ethnic groups .
The SEAT Ibiza and the Audi A1 are related means of transportation .
Alan Bean , born in Wheeler Texas graduated from UT Austin in 1955 . He then went onto be selected as a test pilot and crew member of Apollo 12 in 1963 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer infantry Monument is in the state of Maryland .
There is 0 . 88 square km of water in Akron , Ohio .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located in Haarlemmermeer .
Afrobeat is a genre which contains elements of other styles such as Jazz ( one of its derivative is Funk ) , which is Alison O ' Donnell ' s style .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490 . 9 sq . km . The New Mexico Senate is the political party in Albuquerque .
Arròs negre is from Spain , where Spanish is spoken . The leader of the Spaniards is Felipe VI .
Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II .
Ab Klink worked at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in Netherlands and before that attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Al Anderson who is a member of the band NRBQ , performs rock music . He also played once with The Wildweeds .
A . T . Charlie Johnson is from the United States .
The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia which is where Bandeja paisa comes from . Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which is from the genus of Persea and the Lauraceae family .
Austin Fernando is the name of the leader in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka .
101 Helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms and an orbital period of , 1516 . 6700000000003 days . Its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres and it has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . He was married to Agnes Ward White . He bagan his career on 4th March 1901 , and ended it on March 4th 1905 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property .
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy which has the capital city of Rome and uses the Italian language .
The printed book , Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix and the OCLC number is 46451790 .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and his title is President of the United States . One of the ethnic groups of the United States are the African Americans .
Binignit includes sweet potato and ( the main ingredient ) taro .
Born in Congress Poland , Adam Koc , fought in the Polish – Soviet War . A commander at the Polish - Soviet War was Joseph Stalin .
Anaheim , California in the U . S . is led by the California State Assembly .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county of Frederick , Maryland ( United States ) , and its nearest city is Frederick , Maryland .
Texas is home to Andrews County Airport , and hails the capital , Austin . The people are referred to as Texans and spanish is a language spoken .
AWH Engineering College ( India ) has an academic staff of 250 . The largest city in India is Mumbai and one of the country ' s rivers is the Ganges .
The A - Rosa Luna was built in Rostock and is powered by MTU Friedrichshafen made engines that were made in Friedrichshafen .
Aaron Deer comes from Indianapolis , India and plays Indie Rock with Wee Giant . He was also a solo singer .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 , has 600 students and is in Switzerland . Switzerland ' s Federal Chancellor is Johann Schneider - Ammann and the country ' s anthem is Swiss Psalm .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands where he worked as a member of the senate . He belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . Erasmus University in Rotterdam is his alma mater .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and its home ground is The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . They are currently in Superleague of Greece and played the 2014 - 2015 season in the Football League ( Greece ) .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was with the FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team out of the Otkrytiye home Arena . He also played for FC Terek Grozny managed by Rashid Rakhimov . Mr . Prudnikov is now playing for the Kuban Krasnodar club .
The alternative name of Asterix ( comics character ) is " Astérix " and he was created by Albert Uderzo .
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18 . 52 , an 8 . 3m ship beam , and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long . It was launched on 31st May 1855 and is now wrecked .
Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II and Goslarer SC 08 . The manager of SV Werder Bremen II is Alexander Nouri .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which is owned by Bella Centre and has 23 floors .
Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States .
the AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan .
Milan is the production site of the Alfa Romeo 164 which is related to the Saab 9000 car . Ambrose is the saint of Milan .
Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients .
A notable work of John Cowper Powys is A Romance of the Dark Ages .
Alan Frew is a solo singer .
Akeem Ayers , who made his debut with the american football team Tennessee Titans based in Nashville , Tennessee , formerly played with the St Louis Rams who are coached by Jeff Fisher .
Chicago is located in the United States .
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany who also own AIDAluna .
Finland made the Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard . A leader in Finland is known as Sauli Niinistö .
Albany is in Dougherty County , Georgia . Its area code is 229 and it is 62 . 0 above sea level , with an area of 144 . 7 sq km and a population density of 535 . 0 per sq km .
The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine which is built in Rostock by AIDA Cruises which owns AIDAluna . Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc which was founded in California .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States and serves the city of Appleton . Greenville , Wisconsin , is part of Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin and Appleton is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the city of Bangalore , India . The president of the institute is B . M . Reddy .
The periapsis measurement of 10 Hygiea is 416136000000 . 0 .
Austin is part of Williamson County , in Texas .
Michele Marcolini manages the A . C . Lumezzane and attends the Torino F . C . Club .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the bodhrán .
Enda Kenny is the leader of the Republic of Ireland where Adare Manor is located .
The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak . Abdul Taib Mahmud ; lives in Sarawak , is a member of Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak party , and was succeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
The ALV X - 1 comes from the US where African Americans are an ethnic group and Washington DC is the capital .
Aaron S . Daggat was born in Maine and he died in Massachusetts . He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Ab Klink , worked as a Member of the House of Representatives , and his Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
The AIDAstella , operated by Rostock ' s AIDA Cruises , is owned by Costa Crociere .
250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern style of architecture and is located in the United States .
The celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km .
The diameter of the ALV X - 1 is 1 . 524 metres .
Arem - arem includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf and vegetables or minced meat . It is a main dish of Javenese cuisine and served in Indonesia .
The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands , where their currency is the Euro .
The Polish Academy of Sciences serves Poland and is based in Warsaw . It is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is the keyperson at Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in California and located at Peoria , Illinois . The company power the AIDAluna owned by AIDA cruises .
The celestial body , ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a maximum temperature of 500 kelvins and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 km .
AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " and has 3180 . Their home ground is called The Fylde .
Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed and died in Gottingen . He studied at The university of Gottingen and his doctoral student was Halton Arp .
Born in Connecticut , Abraham A . Ribicoff ; worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare , was succeeded by John N . Dempsey and died in the United States .
J P McManus is the owner of Adare Manor .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace and place of residence was Kingdom of Sarawak . He was a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party and was succeeded by Abdul Taib Mahmud .
Al Wakrah Sport Club play in the Qatar Stars league .
Canada has an ethnic group called Black Canadians .
The Secret Scripture was a book which followed A Long Long Way , published by Viking Press in the USA and preceded by Annie Dunne .
Roy Thomas was awarded the Alley Award .
Aarhus airport is located at 25 metres above sea level and operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , The runway length is 2777 . 0 and is named 10R / 28L .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army , which took art in Korean War battles .
Ariane 5 is manufactured by the European Space Agency .
Allen Forrest is a solo singer and his genre of music is Rhythm and Blues .
Adonis Georgiadis worked at the Ministry of Economy , Development and Tourism in Greece .
Rome is the capital of Italy , whose leader is Matteo Renzi . Italian is spoken in Italy . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce .
Abilene Regional Airportis 546 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt .
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson whose alma mater was the University of Michigan . He died of peritonitis .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark where the prime minister is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The Acharya institute of Technology is in Bangalore Karnataka state , India . The director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and the campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore 560090 .
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Michigan .
Indie Rock originated from garage rock music .
The Federal Assembly legislates in Switzerland .
Castle preceded the novel Aenir , which is followed by Above the Veil and Into Battle .
Allan Shivers , Lieutenant Governor of Texas , was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was predecessor to Price Daniel .
Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England and is made from rock . The capital of England is London and its religion is Church of England . The British Arabs are an English ethnic group .
Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Clayton , Winnebago County , Wisconsin .
Anaheim in Orange County , California is led by the California State Assembly located in the California State Capitol .
The total area of Anaheim California is 131 . 6 square kilometres . Its area codes are 657 and 714 .
A Loyal Character is a 360 page hardcover book written by Qiu Xiaolong .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in battles such as the Battle of Fredericksburg in the American Civil War military conflict .
Aaron Boogaard ' s birthplace is Regina , Saskatchewan .
The Administrative Science Quarterly has a Coden code of " ASCQAG " .
Ann Arbor , Washtenaw County , Detroit are found in Michigan which is in the United States and whose capital is Lansing .
Parkersburg , West Virginia is in the U . S . A .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard , in Finland . Sauli Niinistö is a leader in Finland , where one of the languages is Sami and the demonym of Finland is Finns .
Aaron Hunt , a member of youth club SV Weder Bremen and SV Werder Bremen II . He plays for Vfl Wolfsburg .
The American sub NR - 1 was launched on January 25 , 1969 , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h , a 3 . 8m ship beam .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen , which has 814 rooms was developed by the Bella Center .
Brown sauce is an ingredient of a Bacon Sandwich .
The first appearance in a film for the character Baymax was Big Hero 6 .
Mike Akhigbe was Vice President while Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office . Mr . Akhigbe served in the Nigerian Navy .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 , its epoch date was on March 6th 2006 and was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory . It has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 . and its apoapsis is 7715100000 kilometres .
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is considered typical Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department .
Akron is a part of Summit County , Ohio , in the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A . S . Livorno Calcio , full name Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio , is based in Livorno , Italy . They have 19238 members and were in Serie B in the 2014 - 15 season .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and is from the U . S . He graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B . S . He worked as a test pilot and for NASA in 1963 . He spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired .
Honda makes the Acura TLX model ( related to the Honda Accord ) that contains a Honda J Engine . A division of honda is the Acura .
Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region of England .
St . Louis was part of the Kingdom of France .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat in India and was completed in 1995 .
The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was Alfred Giles , who was born in England .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is located at Jinnah International Airport .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
Blockbuster ( also known as Mark Desmond ) is a comic book character created by Roger Stern and Gardner Fox .
Andrew Rayel has been associated with musicians : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . Mr . Rayel is a pianist . Christian Burns plays house music .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a straight - four engine .
Anaheim is in Orange County , CA which is led by the California State Senate that is located in that state ' s capitol .
The club Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow who played in the 2014 - 15 Russian Premier league .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and its ICAO identifier is SBCT . The airport is situated 911 meters above sea level and has a 2 , 215 km long runway called 15 / 33 .
A . S . Roma , known under the full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A , has 70634 members , competed in the 2014 season and it ' s grounded in Rome , Italy .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the German language is spoken . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
A Severed Wasp was written in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia .
The United states is both the home of the African American ethnic group and the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians which is almost totally unreleated .
Albany , Oregon is in the United States , the capital of which , is Washington , D . C .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan .
Alan Shepard died in California on July 21 , 1998 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Syrian club Al Jaish SC .
The AMC Matador station wagon , or VAM Classic , has a straight - 6 engine and is assembled in Port Melbourne , Victoria .
Tim Brooke - Taylor was born in Buxton .
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League , which AZAL PFK compete in . The ground of which , is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and succeeded Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub ( whose deputy is Stepehen Young Kuet Tze ) who was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Summit County , Ohio in the United States . Akron is the location of the home ground of Akron Summit Assault at St Vincent St Mary High School .
S . S . Robur Siena are champions of Serie D .
Nikolai Chernykh discovered 11264 Claudiomaccone which has an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres . The celestial body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18 . 29km / s and and orbital period of , 1513 . 722 days .
The Battle of Gettysburg , took place during the American Civil War , and is one of the battles Alfred Moore Scales was involved in .
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League which plays at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School located in the US where K - W United FC have been champions .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore India in the state of Karnataka . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its motto is Nurturing Excellence . Its full address is n Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Agustin Barboza is a solo singer in the Guarania genre .
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington D . C . , United States . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . S .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and the dean is Mario Botta .
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil ( produced in print ) . The ISBN # is 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 and the OCLC # : 46451790 .
Tory member Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham in the UK , studied at Magdalene College Cambridge .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra that is found in Malaysia . Malays are an ethnic group of Sumatra and the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , Spain .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels and has a staff compliment of 737 .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ rock music and was a member of The Wildweeds .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Saranac Lakewhich is in Harrietstown , New York .
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Angola , Indiana is part of Steuben County , Indiana in the U . S . Angola ' s total area is 16 . 55 sq . km .
The celestial body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18 . 29km / s and an epoch date of November 26th 2005 . It also , has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres .
A . D . Isidro Metapán ' s ground is in Metapán , they have 10000 members and the full name Asociación Deportiva .
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy and is made from tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
Albany is in Georgia which is a part of the United States , where Washington , D . C . is the capital .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors .
Published in hardcover , A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and was written by Diane Duane .
Alternative Rock ( Andrew White ' s genre ) has its roots in Punk , and has inspired ' nu metal ' and ' christian alternative rock ' .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , in New York .
In the United States , is Tarrant County in Texas . Arlington is part of Tarrant County and the largest city in the county is Fort Worth .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan .
Abel Caballero , born in Ponteareas , Spain , was the Minister of Transport .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . is the full name A . S . Roma . They have a ground in Rome and play in the Serie A league . the former champions of this league are Juventus F . C .
The production of the Abarth 1000 GT has started in the Year 1958 .
The author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys .
Atlas II , originates from the United States and was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
BBC was founded by John Reith 1st Baron Reith .
United Petrotrin F . C . play in Palo Seco .
The comic character , Balder has the alternative name of Balder Odinson . It was created by Stan Lee and the American , Jack Kirby .
Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo , Angola . Its runway is names 05L / 23R .
Bozo the Iron Man was created by George Brenner .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , is within the United States , a country of multiple ethnic groups , one of which is white Americans .
The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym Texan .
The AMC Matador is made in Port Melbourne , Victoria with one of its models being in the year 1974 . Two related means of transport are the AMC Matador and the AMC Ambassador .
Atlantic City International Airportis 23 metres above sea level , operated by the port Authority of New York and New Jersey , and has a runway names 13 / 31 which is 1873 meters long .
Elliot See is from the United States .
The Ariane 5 ' s final flight was on the 18th December 2009 .
The rocket Antares was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport and is similar to the Delta II rocket .
Alex Day was born in the London Borough of Havering in the United Kingdom .
Bill Oddie , who starred in Bananaman , was born in Rochdale and has a child called Kate Hardie .
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Beef kway teow is a popular dish .
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built in Helsinki and has a 21 . 2 m long shipbeam .
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3800 . 0 .
Born in West Germany , Agnes Kant , was a resident of Doesburg . Her Alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen and , she held office in the Socialist Party of the Netherlands .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the year 1948 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain and is operated by ENAIRE , a company located in Madrid , which is part of the Community of Madrid .
Alfredo Zitarrosa started out as a solo singer , is signed with the record label Odeon Records and his musical genre is Candombe .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , in Belgiun , where two oft he leaders are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium .
Coconut milk is an ingredient of binignit , which also contains sweet potato - of the order Solanales and a flowering plant .
The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 12 / 30 .
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer . The currency of the country is the Euro .
Aaron Deer plays psychedelic piano .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country of Italians where the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Audi , founded by August Horch , manufactures the Audi A1 and includes Audi e - tron .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 and the dean is called Mario Botta .
Born in 1989 , Akeem Ayers , former Los Angeles Rams member , debuted with the Tennessee Titans .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , with a runway length of 3400 . 0 , serves the city of Amsterdam .
The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is Adams County , Pennsylvania . The County is northwest of Carroll County , Maryland north east of Frederick County , Maryland , and south of Cumberland County in Pennsylvania .
A Glastonbury Romance is published by The Bodley Head which was founded by Charles Elkin Mathews .
Above the Veil was preceded By Aenir , both Australian novels .
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township which is in Madison County , Indiana and the capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia and is made from kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , which is part of the community of Madrid .
The Audi A1 and the Seat Ibiza are similar means of transport and as such , are related to the VW Polo .
Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge New Jersey in 1930 . He served as a fighter pilot and was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 crew .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States , of which Barack Obama is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
In the United States , where both the capital Washington D . C . and 250 Delaware Avenue are located , is the President , Joe Biden .
The former name of 1000 Piazzia is " 1923 NZ1951 OB " .
Andrew White is a musician who started his career in 2003 who was in the band the Kaiser Chiefs . He signed to the record label B - Unique Records , and was previously with the ( now defunct ) Universal Records , and has been associated with Marry Banilow .
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is in Haarlemmermeer .
Auburn is located in Lee County , Alabama in the United States .
The Alhambra is owned by P & O and powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine which are located in Deptford .
Alan Bean was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission .
Al Anderson plays rock music , which originated from blues music .
Arrow , also known as Ralph Payne , was created by Paul Gustavson .
At a mass of 5 . 7 kgs , 1101 Clematis , has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France .
Alaa Abdul Zahra , who plays for Al - Khor Sports Club , also plays for AL Kharaitiyat SC , the home ground of which , is Al Khor .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama which is in Madrid , Spain and serves Madrid . The airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 500 .
A Glastonbury Romance which has the OCLC number76798317 , is available in hardcover .
The European Space Agency manufactured the Ariane 5 which launched from the Guiana Space Centre and had a final flight on the 18th December 2009 .
AFC Ajax is based in Amsterdam .
The AMC Matador was assembled in Mexico City and is available in a 1974 model .
Bhajji is a dish similar to pakora and other fritters made from whet or corn flour .
The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo which commonly serves arem arem .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , in Spain . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE which is in the city of Madrid .
Honda is the manufacturer of the Honda J engine .
The United States has an ethnic group called Native Americans and is where you will find Albany , Oregon .
Andra is a solo singer who was born in the Romania . She is a singer and reality TV judge and uses the musical genre of dance pop .
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Funk and a solo singer .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ; was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , resides in Kuching , belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , and was succeeded by , Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač is a member of the Kovac sister duo , K2 and associated with artist Bebi Dol . Disco has influences in pop and fusion .
Alan Frew , whose background is that of solo singer , is from Newmarket , Ontario , in Canada .
The cruise ship A - Rosa Luna is 125 . 8 metres long , has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a displacement of 1850 tonnes .
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia where English is spoken and Americans live . Other ethnic groups include African Americans .
O Canada is the national anthem of Canada .
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects of Adare Manor , completed in 1862 .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . who provide the engine power for the AIDAluna which is owned by the German based AIDA Cruises .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland , where white people live , and published by Viking Press between Annie Dunne and The Secret Scripture .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and it ' s also popular in Malaysia , where there is an ethnic group called the Malaysian Chinese .
NRBQ is country music band and among its members are guitar player Al Anderson who once played with The Wildweeds .
Albany , Georgia has a total area of 144 . 7 sq km and a population density of 535 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan in the U . S . Michigan ' s capital is Lansing .
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy .
The Antares rocket , which was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport , is comparable to the United States built Delta II .
Auron was created by Walt Simonson .
Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by Duncan Rouleeau and Steven T . Seagle .
NRBQ singer Al Anderson plays music in the rock genre .
South Africa ( led by Cyril Ramaphosa ) ) is the home of the ethnic group White South Africans and the location of 11 Diagonal Street .
Adam McQuaid , who was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets where the general manager is Jarmo Kekalainen , also plays for the Boston Bruins who originate from Boston .
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire , where the bakewell tart ( variation of bakewell pudding ) and consisting largely of shortcrust pastry is popular .
Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the rocket , Minotaur IV .
The Alfa Romeo 164 the Fiat Croma , the Saab 900 are similar means of transport . The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy where Rome is the capital .
Found in Greenville , Wisconsin , Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 1 , 982 and 12 / 30 is the runway name .
Bacon Explosion is a main course .
Bakso contains noodles and comes from a region in Indonesia .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi in the United States .
Appleton International Airport in Greenville Wisconsin , is part of the the Menasha town in Wisconsin , USA .
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF has fought in the Korean Wars and Operation Enduring Freedom . The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft there and the Lockheed Ac - 130 can be found on these aircrafts .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The stylistic origin of country music is blues .
Potter County is in Texas , in the United States .
Arros negre is a dish from the Valencian Community in Spain and contains squid .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and A . S . Roma .
The AMC Matador , similar to the AMC Ambassador , was manufactured during 1971 in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
178 . 0 centimetre tall , Aleksandre Guruli , played for AZAL PFK and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club .
Alan Shepard retired 1974 - 08 - 01 .
The United States is home to an ethnic group called Asian Americans and is also where you will find Abilene , Texas .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War , a war where Leon Trotsky was a commander .
Born , 1989 - 02 - 24 , Aleksandr Prudnikov , plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Tom Tomsk .
Alison O ' Donnell is associated with the band The Owl Service .
Tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and are an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The runway , named 18R / 36L , is 2900 metres long .
A red granite and white marble monument dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the battle of Baku , is found in the capital of Azerbaijan , Baku . It is called the Turkish Martyrs Memorial and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
Little Chute , Wisconsin is part of Appleton , Wisconsin .
With a total area of 131 . 6 sq km , Anaheim , California has a UTC offset of - 7 , and the area code 657 .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , currently in print .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Max Huiberts . He also plays for both AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor AS .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 which is operated by Arianespace . The site of ELA - 3 is at the Guiana Space Centre which is located in French Guiana .
31 December 2006 is the epoch of 110 Lydia , which has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres . This asteroid has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
Audi A1 is made by Audi , which was founded by August Horch . Audi e - tron is a division of Audi and The Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of the Audi .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and was in office under Prime Minister Antonis Samaras . Samaras was himself in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . The runway has the following details , length 1533m , 210m a . s . l . and is named 7 / 25 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , and Texas ' capital is Austin .
Synthpop musician Alex Day was born in the United Kingdom . Synthpop originates from House and Disco . London is the U . K . ' s capital .
Aaron S . Daggett died in Massachusetts .
Amarillo , Texas is located within the United States . The country where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and where the capital is Washington , D . C .
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad airbas and were involved in the invasion of Panama , and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft as well as the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter .
One of the languages in Canada is French .
The Alhambra , found in London , has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type .
The building of the Adare Manor was started in 1700 and was completed in 1862 .
Infraero operate Afonso Pena International Airport which is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . it has a runway length of 2215 . 0 and is 911 . 0 metres above sea level .
Alan Bean , who graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B . S . and was selected by NASA in 1963 , spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
AIDA Cruises , based in Rostock , own the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who was born in New Britain , Connecticut , succeeded John N Dempsey at the U . S . Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which has subgenres of Nu metal , and Christian alternative rock .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located on North Wall Quay .
Akeem Ayers ' draft round was 2 and his draft pick is 39 . His former team is the New England Patriots .
In Canada one of the main languages spoken is French .
Aaron Turner is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band and performed in Twilight in the past . He plays post - metal where cello is used as an instrument .
Located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais , Afonso Pena International Airport has the runway name 11 / 29 , and a runwiay length of 1800 . 0 metres .
Len Wein won the Inkpot Award .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes , in Spain .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer and a performer of pop music but disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music and therefore can be considered a fusion genre .
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat .
Bhajji , from the region of Karnataka , originates from india where people are referred to as indians , the leaders are T . S . Thakur and Vajubhai Vala .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has 292 pages .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport . , This airport has a runway length of 1873 . 0 metres and a runway named 13 / 31 .
Houston Texans are based in the city of Houston .
The American Sub NR - 1 is 45000 millimetres in length .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Bobina and Christian Burns .
Attica is located in Fountain County , Indiana in the United States .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe , and main speech in use around the area is the Tamil language .
The novel A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture which is published by Faber and Faber .
101 Helena has an orbit of 1516 . 6700000000003 days and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres . Its epoch date is 31st December 2006 .
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport which has a runway that is 2777 . 0 meters long and the runway name 10L / 28R .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago which is led by Rahm Emanuel .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud who was the successor to , Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Bananaman was broadcasted by STV , it starred Tim Brooke Taylor and last aired on 15th April 1986 .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 ; has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 , an apoapsis of 1994 VK8 is 6603633000 . 0 km , and the epoch date , 31 December 2006 .
Adisham Hall in Haputale was finished in 1931 and is of the Tudor Revival architectural style .
" A Glastonbury Romance " can be found in hardcover and has 1174 pages . The OCLC number is 76798317 and the ISBN number is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Atlanta is in the U . S . where Washington , D . C . is the capital , and where African Americans are an ethnic group .
AIDAstella ( built by Meyer Werft ) is operated by AIDA Cruises who is owned by Costa Crociere of Genoa . The AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
Bakso is dish from Indonesia ( capital Jakarta ) . Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo are political leaders in the country . The dish is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Math . Hungar . " and the ISSN number 1588 - 2632 .
Aleksander Barkov Jr weighs 96 . 1632 kilograms .
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages .
Infraero is located in Brazil .
Jeff Fisher is coach of the St . Louis Rams .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group . Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States , where the anthem is , the Star Spangled Banner .
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , in Paracuellos de Jarama , is 4 , 349 .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is Olympique Lyonnais , whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium . He also plays for FC Dinamo Batumi .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by MTU Friedrichshafen made engines and it ' s top speed is 24 . 0 . It is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States where Houston is the largest city and the Spanish language is spoken .
Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998 . He plays for the bands Suburban Legends and Kids Imagine Nation with a background with a non vocal instrument . His musical genre is Ska punk .
A Severed Wasp is an American Novel written in English ( the language of Great Britain ) . The US includes many Asian Americans .
Drone musician Aaron Turner is with Mamiffer and former member of Twilight .
The comic book character Blockbuster ' s alter ego is Roland Desmond .
White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital of which is London which is lead via the European Parliment although the leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II .
Alfred Moore Scales lives in the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland . Finland and its native Finns are led by Juha Sipilä and Sauli Niinisto .
The Antioquia Department can be found in the country of Colombia .
Albennie Jones stopped performing in 1950 .
Abilene , Texas is situated at 524 . 0 above sea level .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems was published by the Association for Computing Machinery headquartered in New York City .
A Glastonbury Romance is authored by Shirley , Derbyshire native John Cowper Powys .
Kochi is the leader of Kerala .
Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , Aarhus Airport , has a runway length of 2702 . 0 metres and a runway named 10L / 28R .
The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is 1932 - 07 - 27 .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia in the U . S . An ethnic group in the U . S . is Asian Americans .
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office whilst Edmund J . Davis was Vice President .
The celestial body known as 110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000 . It has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres , and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
The 14L / 32R runway in Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport , Madrid has a length of 4349 . 0 .
AEK Athens F . C . manager is Gus Poyet , who is associated with the Real Zaragoza , a football club .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in Gettysburg , in Adams County , Pennsylvania . The American monument , built in 2000 is classed as a Contributing Property .
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the U . S .
The origin of the Delta II is the United States .
John Cowper Powys is the author of Weymouth Sands which came after A Glastonbury Romance and preceded Maiden Castle . A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent .
English is the language spoken in the United States where the biggest city is New York City and the capital is Washington , D . C . Abilene is part of Jones County in Texas which is in the United States .
Bananaman was broadcast by STV between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 1986 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are all vehicles ; the Alfa Romeo is assembled in Italy .
Adam Holloway is a national of the United Kingdom .
At a temperature of 168 . 0 kelvins , and with an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 kilometres per second , 110 Lydia has an apoapsis of , 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy alongside Matteo Renzi . You ' ll find Amatriciana sauce here where Italian is the language spoken and the capital is Rome .
Bakso , which contains celery , comes from Indonesia but is popular all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries .
Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , made from stone , and dedicated to AEthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . England ' s established religion is The Church of England , and the capital city is London . The Cornish language is spoken there , and the British Arabs are an English ethnic group .
Houston is the largest city in Texas .
The parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat is General Dynamics .
The Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service and was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who once played for Stockport County FC and currently plays for KV Mechelen .
A wrecked ship is the Alhambra . It had a ship beam of 8 . 3m , a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . C . Milan and the Italy national under 19 football team . The manager of A . C . Milan is Siniša Mihajlović .
AEK Athens FC ground is in Athens and they compete in the Superleague Greece . It has has 69618 members . Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the Superleague Greece .
110 Lydia , with the epoch date 31 December 2006 , has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 , a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
AD Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 10000 members . Their full name is " Asociación Deportiva " and they are managed by Jorge Humberto Rodriguez .
A Storrs was the discoverer of 107 Camilla that has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . The apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 and the periapsis 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
English is spoken in the United States , which is where Albuquerque , New Mexico is located .
Akeem Dent was born on the 27th September 1987 , in Atlanta , Georgia .
Abilene is part of Texas .
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 , an apoapsis of 475426000 kms and a rotation period of 11473 . 9 .
1634 The Ram Rebellion , preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair , was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba , Parana . Afonso Pena International Airport in Infraero , Brasilia operates there .
Adam Koc was born in Poland ; where Kashubians are an ethnic group .
Chinese is one of the languages of California where the city of Antioch is located in Contra Costa County .
Alan Bean was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 .
Caterpillar Inc . was founded in the United States and is located in Peoria , Illinois . Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc and they power the AIDAluna .
Montreal Locomotive Works produced the ALCO RS - 3 which has a diesel - electric transmission and a four - stroke engine . It is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and contains 12 cylinders .
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and its periapsis is 349206000000 . 0 .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . It is located 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Akeem Ayers , who was born in 1989 , made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and formerly also played for the Los Angeles Rams .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba , Parana state , where the local leader party is the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) .
The Aston Martin manufactured V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport . The successor of the Aston Martin DBS is the Aston Martin Vantage .
The operator of AIDAstella is AIDA Cruises , they are located at Rostock .
The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark where Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Ahmedabad , Gujarat .
The Audi A1 is made by Audi , which was founded by August Horch .
The periapsis of 1001 Gaussia is 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
The Ariane was launched from ELA - 3 ( owned by Arianespace ) which can be found at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou , French Guiana .
Alan Martin is 185 . 42 cm tall and was born on 1 January 1989 . He currently plays for Crewe Alexandra FC and previously for Accrington Stanley FC .
Airey Neave was in the Battle of France where his unit was known as the Royal Artillery . Their garrison was at Hohne . A commander in the Battle of France was Hugo Sperrle .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is in London , England .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , India , was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar and its campus can be found in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Rostock based Neptun Werft built the A - Rosa Luna . Rostock is in Germany , where the name of the leader is Joachim Gauck .
The 108 St . Georges Terrace , located in Perth , Australia , has 50 floors and completed in 1988 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and became a test pilot . He was on the crew of Apollo 14 operated by NASA and retired on August 1 , 1974 .
A Long Long Way Was published by Viking Press ( whose parent company is Penguin Random House ) and comes from Ireland . The novel was followed by The Secret Scripture . Ireland has the ethnic group , White .
The A - Rosa Luna was built in Rostock .
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to " AIP Adv . " ) is devoted to the study of physics .
Hip hop artist Allen Forrest , has gone by the names : Matchstik , Match , Allan , Forrester , Alan , Foster , Forest Matchstick , Matchstix , and Allen Forrest . Hip hop has its origins in funk and disco , lending itself to Drum and Bass .
Beefkway teow is popular in Indonesia and originates in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader and the English language is spoken .
The AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne , Victoria .
The AIDAstella has a top speed of 38 . 892 .
Black metal musician Aaron Turner , from Massachusetts , has played with the band Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters . He began performing in 1995 .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia and is popular in Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen whose architect was 3XN is owned by Bella Center .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances .
The Dodge built 1955 Dodge , the DeSoto Custom and the Chrysler Newport are all related .
110 Lydia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 kilometres per second .
110 Lydia ' s epoch is 31st December 2006 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per sec . It has a mass of 6 . 7 kg , an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5kgs and an epoch date of 31 December 2006 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec , an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , which is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq , and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 metres .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is the location of Albany , part of Oregon .
Simon & Schuster is the publisher of A Glastonbury Romance , written by John Cowper Powys .
Falling under the category of Contributing property and completed in 2000 , the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Pennsylvania .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni .
250 Delaware Ave . was begun in January 2014 and has 12 floors .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas . It was constructed in 1911 . It has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish .
2215 . 0 is the length of the runway at Afonso Pena International Airport , São José dos Pinhais .
Jill Shilling stared in Bananaman .
The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Candombe , he started out as a solo singer and is signed to the Uruguayan record label Orfeo .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the U . S . and was Governor of Connecticut . His successor was John N . Dempsey .
Akron , Ohio with a total area of 161 . 54 sq km , has a population density of 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Native Americans are the ethnic group in the United States , the country Abraham A . Ribicoff was a national of . Chicago was the birth place of Casey Ribicoff , wife of Abraham A . Ribicoff , who died in New York .
Andrew Rayal is a Trance musician associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn . He was born in Chisinau , Moldova , and started performing in 2009 .
1097 Vicia , has a periapsis measurement of 279142000000 . 0 and an epoch date of , 2006 . 12 . 31 . This minor planet ' s escape velocity is , 0 . 0112 km per sec , and it has a periapsis measurement of 279142000000 . 0 .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township ( a township in Atlantic County ) , New Jersey , United States .
Connecticut born Abraham A Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze . Mr Ribicoff died in the United States .
110 Lydia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 kilometres per second , an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kms and its mass is 6 . 7 kilograms .
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria , where the language is Austrian German . Alfons Gorbach ' s place of birth was the state , Tyrol , in Austria , Hungary . He died in Austria .
London is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom and Elizabeth II is the queen of the country . Alfred Garth Jones was born in the UK and passed away in London .
The A - Rosa Luba is 125 . 8m long and was completed on April 6th 2005 .
Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . The dish is from the region of Singapore and is also found in Java .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and is followed by the book The Secret Scripture .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the record label Deram Records and performs folk rock music .
one of the ingredients of Ajoblanco is almond . it is from Spain , which leader is Felipe VI of Spain , and from Andalucia regions , which leader is Susana Diaz .
Spanish is the language in Spain , where the leader in Spain is Felipe VI of Spain . Born in Galicia in Spain , Abel Caballero is a national of Spain .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Lambien and he was created by the American , Karl Kesel .
The band Kaiser Chiefs included the member Andrew White ( musician ) .
Led by the California State Assembly , Anaheim , is part of California , in the U . S .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and was a member of the Soviet Union national football team .
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer plays the keyboard . Indie rock derives from New Wave music .
Rhythm and blues singer Andra began her singing career in 2000 . Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and was derived into disco and funk .
Aaron Hunt was born in Goslar .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County which is located in Georgia .
AFC Fylde ' s ground is located in Warton , Fylde .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City , Staten Island , United States and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Taylor County in Texas , U . S .
The owner of 3Arena in Dublin is Live Nation Entertainment . The Lord Mayor of the city was Críona Ní Dhálaigh .
One of the main ingredients in binignit is banana , originating from the philippines and has taro as an ingredient .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , in the United States and it ' s leader is Richard J . Berry , Mayor of Albuquerque . English is spoken in the U . S .
The AMC Matador ' s assemble line is in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico in the U . S . whose leader is Richard J . Berry of the Albuquerque City Council . English is spoken in the U . S .
The A - Rosa Luna was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004 .
410777 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch . It has mass of 8 . 3 kilograms , an orbital period of 39 , 447 , 000 and a periapsis of 88 , 234 , 300 , 000 .
Former FC Spartak Moscow youth player Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s former clubs include Grozny based FC Terek Grozny and FC Amkar Perm , which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Argentina whose leader is Gabriela Michetti is where the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from . Buenos Aires is the capital of that country .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba where the leader is Larry Maguire .
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 1 , 219 .
Acura is a division of Honda , who manufacture the Acura TLX . The Acura TLX has a V6 engine and is related to the Honda Accord .
101 Helena has a density of 2 . 0 gram per Cubic centimeters .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , in London .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 that starred Jamie Chung .
The rocker Antares was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The city of Anaheim in Orange County , California is led by the California State Senate located at the California State Capitol .
Aaron Boogaard is 1 . 905m high .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
109 Felicitas has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometres per second , and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
Cumberland County is located to the north of Adams County , Pennsylvania where the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located and categorised as contributing property .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups there is The African Americans . they speak English , same as in Great Britain .
Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom .
A . C . ChievoVerona played in the 2014 season .
The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham , which is led by the UK Labour Party and governed by Birmingham City Council . It is also the hometown of Joh Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and for Old Man Gloom . He plays black metal music and started performing in 1995 .
Akeem Priestley ' s clubs are Dayton Dutch Lions and Harbour View FC .
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " and play at their ground in Verona where they have 39371 members .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s height is 178 . 0 centimetres .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the El Salvador national football team and for Alianza F . C . He manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan and is in C . D . FAS .
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of the Addis Ababa City Hall .
Agra airport is operated by the Indian Air Force , using HAL light combat helicopters and Beoing C - 17 globemaster III .
The currency of Spain is Euro .
The mayor of Antwerp is Bart De Wever .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European Universiity Association based in Brussels . The School has 16000 students and 737 academic staff .
Baymax was created by both Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle .
Married to Ruth Ribicoff , Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the United States , the country where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Esteghlal Ahvaz F C .
Amsterdam airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 5th runway has the number 18 .
Larry Maguire is the leader in Brandon , Manitoba which is where Alex Plante was born .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick and was completed in 1862 being designed by the architects James Pain and George Richard Pain .
December 31 , 2006 is 109 Felicitas epoch date . It has a mass of 7 . 5 kg , an orbital period of 139705000 , and an apoapsis of 523329000 kilometres .
Albennie Jones , a rhythm and blues player , worked with Sammy Price . Rhythm and blues and disco both come from blues music .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 101 Hygiea , died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County is situated to the east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County , Pennsylvania . Carroll County in Maryland lies to the northwest .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County , Michigan , United States .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC who play in the Qatar Stars league .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio , U . S . The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans but there are also African Americans and the capital is Washington D . C .
1971 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador , assembled in the USA , and is related to the AMC Ambassador .
Abner W Sibal was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong where Carrie Lam is a political leader .
Rock musician Anders Osborne was signed to Rabadash Records but is now with Okeh Records .
Ernie Colon is a Puerto Rican national .
Los Angeles Rams play their home matches at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Aaron Deer is an indie rock musician , although it has its origins in the new wave music , originated from garage rock using guitar .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet can be found nationwide in Java ( country of the Javenese ) and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo , was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and was in office when Mike Akhibe was Vice President .
Ariane 5 has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres .
Anderson is located in Indiana , whose total area is 107 . 43 square kilometres .
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F . C . and manager , Barry Ferguson . Mr . Martin also played for the Hamilton Academical FC whose home is in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and began his career on 5th May 2005 . A national of the United Kingdom , Adam Holloway is a member of the Tories .
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland .
With a mass of 8 . 3 kgs , The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) , was discovered by Spacewatch , and has a periapsis of , 88234300000 . 0 .
James Craig Watson who studied at the University of Michigan discovered 101 Helena . He is from Canada but died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza is Paraguay , the leader of which , is called Juan Afara .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 1996 . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann who heads the Federal Assembly .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo , Uruguay .
United States 26th District , Republican , Connecticut Senate member Abner W . Sibal was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer . He was born 04 / 11 / 1921 in Ridgewood , Queens .
Gerd von Rundstedt was a commander in the Battle of France .
Wizards at War , which preceded A Wizard of Mars is published by Harcourt .
South Africa ' s ethnic groups include White South Africans and the Coloured . Its leader is Cyril Ramaphosa and its capital is Cape Town . 11 Diagonal Street is located in this country .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , U . S . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . and African Americans are an ethnic group .
The builder of the ALCO RS - 3 is the American Locomotive Company , the location of which is the U . S .
The English - language book A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States that includes many Asian Americans .
The fullname of A . D . Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva . Its ground is located in Metapán , El Salvador , it has 10000 members . and its manager is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez .
Caterpillar Inc . was founded in the United States and is located in Illinois . AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna , whose power type is the Caterpillar Inc . engine .
Aenir , which was written by Garth Nix has the OCLC number 45644811 and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured at the ESA and Arinanespace .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has a CODEN code of " APGPAC " .
Arlington in Texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has the following area codes : 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 . The total area of Arlington in Texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres and it has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants / sq km .
The 1955 Dodge is a station wagon .
American Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , joined NASA in 1963 and in 1963 graduated from MIT with a Sc . D .
29075 1950 DA has the epoch date of 27 August 2011 .
Anders Osborne ' s record label is Alligator Records and the main music genre of this company is blues .
Auburn is part of Pierce County , Washington , D . C . in the U . S . Washington , D . C . is also the capital of the U . S .
Aenir is followed by Above the Veil and the novel Into Battle .
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar .
Atlas II has been launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . It is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final launch was March 16 , 1998 .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch . It has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 259776702 . 47055 kilometers .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor , the construction of which began in 1700 and was completed in 1862 .
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , whose leader is Margrethe II . The tenant of this hotel is the Marriott International Hotel , which was founded in Washington , D . C .
The AIDS Journal was published in the UK , where David Cameron was a leader .
The Ariane 5 had its first voyage August 11 , 2005 and final flight on the 18th of December 2009 . It was made by ESA and Arianespace and was launched from the ELA - 3 launchpad .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Paracuellos de Jarama is a community in Madrid , Spain . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , which is located 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
Asser Levy Public Baths is in Avenue A , Manhattan . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in April 23 , 1980 with a Reference Number of 80002709 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria - Hungary and died in Austria , where the leader is Doris Bures and the language spoken is Austrian German .
A Severed Wasp was written in the English language and is from the United States , where Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups .
Buzz Aldrin is a US citizen born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , ScD in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963 , .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Kuching . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 , he made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for the Los Angeles Rams .
Denmark uses the German language and is the location of Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup in the Central Denmark region .
Jens Härtel is a member of the FSV Zwickau club .
The ISSN number of Addiction journeal is 0965 - 2140 .
Atlanta is a part of Fulton County in Georgia in the U . S . An ethnic group in the U . S . are Native Americans .
The Audi A1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine .
S . S . Robur Siena are champions of Serie D . in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play . The latter club have their home ground located in Italy which is led by Pietro Grasso and uses the Italian language .
Vfl Wolfsburg player , Aaron Hunt , played for the club SV Werder Bremen . The manager of SV Werder Breman ( which is in theBundesliga league ) is Viktor Skrypnyk .
Born in Connecticut , Abraham A . Ribicoff , once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office and was succeeded by , Anthony J . Celebrezze .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens ( Greece ) , and was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece .
Ace Wilder is a solo singer who was born in Stockholm .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and his genre is Black Metal .
Afonso Pena Airport , located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , has a runway length of 2215 . 0 and a runway name of 11 / 29 .
107 Camilla , discovered by B Zellner , has the epoch 31 December 2006 .
Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands .
Andra was born in Câmpia , Turzii .
Arem - arem is a dish from Indonesia and it ' s leader is Joko Widodo .
Anaheim , with its UTC offset as - 7 , population of 336265 , a total area of 131 . 6 sq . km . and area codes 657 and 714 , is located in California .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India whose leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Allan Bean , was one of the Americans hired by NASA in 1963 to crew Apollo 12 .
English is the language spoken in Michigan .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft , who are located in Germany .
Arianespace is located in France and operates ELA - 3 , the launch site of the Ariane at the Guiana Space Centre .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , and is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Al Anderson is in NRBQ band who plays Rock music which originated from country music . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
AIP Advances publisher is American Institute of Physics and his editor is A T Charlie Johnson , his almaMater is Harvard University .
Romanian dance - pop solo singer Andra , born in 1986 , is a Relity tv judge .
Abel Caballerro was born in Ponteareas in Spain and became the Minister of Transport .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak .
Agra airport is in India and has the ATA location identifier AGR .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
The celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km , an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and an epoch date of 14 July 2004 .
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade , the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed . Baade was a German national born in Preubisch Oldendorf who studied at the University of Gottingen .
The established religion in England is The Church of England .
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , also played in the league in 2015 .
Neptun Werft has its HQ at Rostock in Germany and built the A Rosa Luna . The country is led by Stanislaw Tillich and has the capital of Berlin .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
The 14th New Jersey Infantry Monument which is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield was established on 11 July 1907 . It falls within the category of Historic districts in the US .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s nationality is American .
Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission .
The city of Albany is in Dougherty County , Georgia , USA .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who play in Atlanta . His former team were the Houston Texans who are based in Texas and owned by Bob McNair .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , United States of America . Cyrus Vance Jr is one of the leaders of Manhattan and Brooklyn is part of New York City .
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where the Amharic language is spoken . Addis Ababa is located in the country and is where the Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are found .
The christening date of the Caterpillar Inc powered , AIDAluna , was April 4th , 2009 . The AIDAluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam length of , 32 . 2 .
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar in avant - garde metal music .
An alternative name for the AMC Matador is the Rambler Matador .
The AWH Engineering College is in the State of Kerala .
Johns Hopkins University Press is the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics .
The editor of AIP Advances is A . T . Charlie Johnson who lives in the U . S . and went to Harvard University .
Akron , Ohio is at a height of 306 . 0 above sea level with a total area of 161 . 54 Sq Km and it has a 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square km population density .
United States leader is called Paul Ryan .
The alma mater for Abel Caballero is the University of Santiago de Compostela .
A Loyal Character Dancer can be found in hardcover , .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and went to Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . He was a member of the senate .
Baked Alaska is originates from Hong Kong and the United States . Its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . Juan Perón , a member of the Labour Party in Argentina was president while Teisaire was in office .
Justicialist Party member Alberto Teisaire served in office during Juan Peron ' s presidency and died in Buenos Aires . Peron was the husband of Eva Peron . Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas . Although Houston is the largest city , Austin , is the capital . Inhabitants of Texas have the demonym Tejano and Spanish is spoken .
Abradab performs hip hop music which originated in Disco and its stylistic originated in Jazz .
Akeem Adams played football for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 team and his club is Ferencvarosi TC .
James Pain and George Richard Pain are the architects of Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 , and is owned by JP McManus .
109 Felicitas has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec and a mass of 7 . 5kgs . The epoch date of 109 Felicitas is 31 December 2006 , its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 , and it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area , in the United States . Considered a main course , its main ingredients are sausage and bacon .
Democrat Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina and he was succeeded by James W Reid .
Alex Tyus is 2 . 032m tall .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is President .
Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated to Association of MBAs and is the alma mater of Ab Klink who belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
At 159 metres above the sea level , with a runway name 05L / 23R and a runway length of 4000 . 0 , Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo .
John Madin was born in Birmingham ( with Andrew Mitchell as a key leader ) and became an architect , designing 103 Colmore Row .
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit where he won the Territorial Decoration Award .
15788 was discovered by Iwan P Williams on 1993 SB . Its orbital period is 7729430000 , periapsis of 3997100000000 , and its epoch is the 6th of March , 2006 .
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located .
Andrew Rayel is a trance musician who is associated with Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , guitar player Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
The league Vfl Wolfsburg play in is Bundesliga .
Antioch is in Contra Costa County in California . Spanish is spoken in that state .
The book " A Fortress of Grey Ice " was published by Tor Books .
The United State ' s state of Georgia is home to Fulton Country . The largest city is Fulton Country is Atlanta , and it also contains Alpharetta . One of the ethnic groups that resides in the U . S is Asian Americans .
An ethnic group of Ireland is white people and it ' s largest city is Dublin . A Long Long Way , published by Faber and Faber , comes from Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture .
James Craig Watson ' s Alma mater is the University of Michigan . He discovered 103 Hera , and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church during the American Civil War which had Abraham Lincoln as a commander for the Union .
The Ariane 5 had its last flight on December 18 , 2009 . It was manufactured at the ESA and Arinanespace and was launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
The celestial body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone , discovered by Nikolai Chernykh , has an average speed of 18 . 29km / s , an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , an epoch date of 26 November 2005 , and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 km .
Alvah Sabin , who represented Vermont , died in Sycamore , Illinois .
Abner is a footballer for the CD FAS club , which is a member team of the Salvadoran Primera Division .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a 3 . 8m ship beam and is 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) long . Its top speed is 8 . 334 and it was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat .
Penarol plays in the Uruguayan Primera División .
The United States uses the English language and is where you will find Albany , Georgia .
The Antares rocket made its final voyage on September 18 , 2013 .
Auburn forms part of Pierce County , Washington whose largest city is Seattle located in the United States but the capital of the United States is Washington DC .
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and it was discovered by James Craig Watson who died in Madison , Wisconsin .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece whose leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the capital is Athens .
Roy D . Chapin Jr . is a key person at American Motors , who manufacture the AMC Matador . American Motors was acquired by Chrysler .
The main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion is bacon and sausage , it hails from the USA .
Rhythm and blues musician Andra began her singing career is 2000 . Rhythm and blues originated from blues and was derived into disco and funk .
Alan B . Miller Hall was designed by Robert A . M . Stern .
Buzz Aldrin ( born at Glen Ridge in New Jersey , USA ) was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team .
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe González was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I , who succeeded Alfonso XIII , was Monarch .
Ab Klink ' s alma mater was Leiden University .
Christian Panucci plays for A . S . Roma .
Erasmus University in Rotterdam ( Assoc . of MBA ' s ) alum and Netherlands national Ab Klink was born in Stellendam . The Netherlands is led by Mark Rutte .
Hip Hop music has origins in Disco and Jazz and influences Drum and Bass . Abradab is a Hip Hop musician .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where Cape Town is the capital of South Africa , and ethnic groups are the white South Africans and the coloured .
The Alhambrawas built by the Samuda Brothers and has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type . The Alhambra had the length of 63800 . 0 millimetres , a of ship beam is 8 . 3m . and a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h .
Alan Bean , who has now retired , was born in Wheeler Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 along with commander David Scott and backup pilot Alfred Worden .
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000 kilometres .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , includes the ingredient of vegetables .
Ajoblanco is from Spain whose language is Spanish .
Bhajji , which are made of vegetables , originated in the country of India .
Albennie Jones was born in 1914 in Errata , Mississippi . He is a solo singer who performs jazz music .
Alan Shepard graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M . A .
A . C . Cesena plays in Stadio Dino Manuzzi and is also the in the Serie B league , and the Carpi F . C . 1909 won the championship Serie B division .
Discoverer of 103 Hera , James Craig Watson came from Canada . His Alma mater was the University of Michigan , and he died from peritonitis .
people of Moro ethnicity are from the Philippines .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan United States .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves Alpena , Michigan . Its runway length is 1 , 533 and is named is 1 / 19 / . The airport is 210 metres above sea level .
Alan Shepard was the recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy and this is a medal that is ranked higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Found in Punjab , Pakistan , and operated by the The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , is Allama Iqbal International Airport . This Airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
United States Democratic Governor of Connecticut Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York .
Binignit is a dessert that contains coconut milk . A cookie is also a dessert .
The A . C . Lumezzane has 4150 members .
The Luxury class vehicle Alfa Romeo 164 , also called the Alfa Romeo 168 , has a straight - four engine .
108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and cost 120 million Australian dollars .
The Ariane 5 , which last flew from ELA - 3 on 18th December 2004 , was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space .
Above the Veil has the OCLC number 46451790 .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City , United States ( home to African Americans ) .
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in the US . The company provides the engine power for the AIDAluna which is owned by the German based company AIDA Cruises .
Alpharetta , Georgia is elevated 346 . 0 above sea level .
The home ground of A . C . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi . They play in the Serie A league , which was won by Juventus F . C .
A Wizard of Mars is preceded by Wizards at War .
The orbital Period of 1001 Gaussia is 5 . 75 days .
The Australian novel Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle and it ' s sequel is Above The Veil which in turn was followed by Into Battle and later The Violet Keystone .
Lake Placid , New York , is part of New York .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe , manufactured by Abarth , is a Gruppo Bertone ( Turin ) design .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in 1930 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 before he retired .
The German , Walter baade , was born in Preubish Oldendorf , discovered 1036 Ganymed and graduated from the University of Gottingen .
Canadian , James Craig Watson ( discoverer of 103 Hera ) , has the University of Michigan for an alma mater .
Antwerp International airport , operated by the Flemish government , has a runway length of 600 feet .
11264 Claudiomaccone , who was discovered by Nikolai Chernykh , has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , periapsis of 296521000 kilometers , and an epoch of the 26th of November , 2005 .
Albennie Jones has a background as a solo singer .
Andrew Rayel ' s musical genre is Trance , which has its origins in Pop music . He is associated with Armin van Buuren and Bobina .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in Madrid .
The ethnic group of Ireland is White people which is where the book A Long Long Way comes from and was followed by The Secret Scripture after being published by Faber and Faber .
Aleksandr Chumakov ' s club was FC Torpedo Moscow .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician . A music form which makes use of the guitar . This genre has its its origins in New wave music .
Alan Frew plays rock music which has its stylistic origins in folk and bhangra music is one of its fusion genre .
Sri Lanka is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and has the Ampara Hospital in an Ampara district in the Eastern Province .
The currency of Finland is the Euro .
The United States , where Americans live , includes the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Albuquerque in New Mexico .
Spain ( language : Spanish ) is the origin of the dish , Ajoblanco .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland , where Sauli Niinisto is a leader of the country .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India and the demonym for people living in India is Indian .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . It has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 497 . 0 in length and is named 03 / 21 .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader . Ayam penyet can be found in Java , where the Banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located 610 metres above sea level in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid in Spain . The airport has a runway length of 3500 .
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines . It contains taro and banana and is served as a dessert .
Elliot was born on the 23rd of July 1927 .
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States .
Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a runway named 03R / 21L and interestingly the third runway is made of Poaceae .
William Anders joined NASA in 1963 .
William Anders was born October 17th 1933 .
Antwerp International Airport , serving the city of Antwerp , is owned by Flemish Region .
With a runway length of 1121 . 0 , Abilene regional airport serves Abilene part of Taylor County , Texas , in the United States .
Abilene is part of Taylor County , Texas in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC .
Hamilton Academical F . C . play in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire .
Lamborghini is a subsidiary of Audi .
The architect of 11 Diagonal Street is Helmut Jahn .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore which is led by Halimah Yacob and uses the Standard chinese language .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in print form .
Arros negre is from Catalonia , Spain .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst and passed away in Austria . Doris Bures is a leader in that country where Austrian German is one language that is spoken .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region . The ingredients in Bhajji include gram flour and vegetables .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Aarhus which has a Magistrate government . It is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . It is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length , has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine .
Alan Bean , who has now retired , is a United States citizen who graduated from UT Austin , BS in 1955 and served as a crew member of Apollo 12 .
In Dougherty County ( Georgia ) , is the city , Albany , which is 62 metres above sea level . With a total area of 144 . 7 square kilometres , Albany has the area code 229 , and the population density of 535 people per square kilometre .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the capital city is Rome and where the people that come from the country are called Italians . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy .
Neptun Werft is located in Germany .
Batagor , Siomay and shumai are variations on the same dish .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , located in Aarus which is governed by a magistrate and is southwest of Mols .
Austin , Texas , is part of Hays County Texas .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport .
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States of which Buzz Aldrin is a national . Aldrin was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 on which William Anders was a backup pilot .
BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
Albennie Jones was born in the US . She plays blues music and is a solo singer .
Saranac Lake , New York , part of Harriestown , New York , United States , is served by Adirondack Regional Airport .
Akeem Adams , who died in the Hungarian city of Budapest , represented Central FC and also United Petrotrin FC , who play at Palo Seco .
Monroe Township is a part of Madison County in Indiana .
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Custom Royal .
The rector of 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia in Romania is Breaz Valer Daniel .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas , which is located in Spain . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of the country and Spanish is the language spoken there .
AWH Engineering College ( established 2001 ) is located in the city of Kuttikattoor . This city is in the state of Kerala which has as its leader Kochi .
The musical genre of Aaron Deer is indie rock .
The book The Secret Scriptures , published by Faber and Faber , followed the book " A Long Long Way " .
The city of Frederick , Maryland in Frederick county is the nearest city to the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument at Monocacy National Battlefield . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of the historic districts of the United States .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Banglaore , India . It is associated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White . He was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and finished his career on 44 March 1905 when William M O Dawson succeeded him .
Adam Holloway is a national of the United Kingdom , the capital of which , is London . Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War . John Major was a commander during the Gulf War .
101 Helena has an average speed of 18 . 44 kilometres per second .
The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 1510 . 0 .
Albany , Oregon ( Capital : Salem ) is part of the United States , which is home of Native Americans .
Abel Caballero of Ponteareas was in office during the reign of Juan Carlos I , who preceded Alfonso XIII in Spain .
Donal O ' Ceallaigh discovered 15788 1993 SB which has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 .
sago is an ingredient in Binignit .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
Beef kway teow , which contains palm sugar , is a dish made in Singapore and Indonesia .
Athens born Makis Voridis succeeded Greece born Adonis Georgiadis who was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . Samaras had himself been in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen who have Viktor Skrypnyk as their manager , and his club is VfL Wolfsburg who play in the Bundesliga .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Nikos Voutsis .
Aleksey Chirikov , an icebreaker , was made in Finland at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard . It ' s ship beam is 21 . 2 .
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician with the Kaiser Chiefs . Alternative rock has origins in punk rock and new wave music and nu metal is a fusion genre of it .
Julia Morgan ( born in San Francisco ) was the architect of the Asilomar Conference grounds , The Los Angeles Herald Examiner building , The Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle .
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens .
Austin is part of Travis County , in Texas .
Karl Kesel is the creator of the comic character , Auron .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County while Carroll County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , which is assembled in Italy , and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport , which is located 546 meters above sea level . The airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KABI . Abilene airport ' s runway - 17L / 35R - measures a length of 2195 . 0 .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S , whose largest city is New York City .
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion , Paraguay .
Two types of deserts that can be served are Binignit and Sandesh .
The Aston Martin Virage succeeded the V8 and is related to the DBS . Aston Martin manufactures them all .
The book titled Aenir is a paperback .
Lake Placid , New York , and Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown in New York , United States are served by Adirondack Regional airport .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region .
Seminary Ridge in Gettysburg is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States .
17R / 35L is the runway name at Abilene Regional airport .
The main ingredients of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . The dish originated in Sumatra and is also found in Malaysia .
Akeem Dent , whose birthplace is Atlanta , Georgia , plays for the Houston Texans .
The Aston Martin V8 ( succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage ) and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport and were assembled in the United Kingdom , where Queen Elizabeth II is ruler .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S where Barack Obama is President .
AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres long and has a top speed of 38 . 892 . It was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece .
Andra , associated with Andreea Bălan , plays rhythm and blues music . That music type and disco and funk came from blues music .
Penarol , where Abel Hernandez played youth football , is in the Uruguayan Primera División . Hernandez , who represented the Uruguay national team , played for U . S . Città di Palermo , a club managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Alessio Romagnoli used to play for the Italy national under - 19 football team and is a member of the A . C . Milan club , whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović .
Buzz Aldrin was US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT , Sc . D . in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 .
The people who live in the United States are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of African Americans . The country is the location of Albany , part of Dougherty County in Georgia .
The AMC Matador , which is also known as American Motors Matador , was assembled in Australia and is equipped with an AMC V8 engine .
Born in Preußisch Oldendorf ( Germany ) , Walter Baade , studied at the University of Gottingen and discovered , 1036 Ganymed .
Californian born Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and other significant buildings including Asilomar State Beach .
Viking Press in the United States published A Long Long Way which was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Rhythm and Blues artist Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington D . C . , United States . R & B is the origin of disco .
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge in London and started his career on the 30th June 1953 . He fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on the 30th March 1979 .
The River Ganges runs through India in which country the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala . The College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where Athens is the capital . It is also where two of the leaders are , Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka .
Alex Plante , whose club is , Anyang Halla , was born in 1989 , in Cananda .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where there is a ethnic group called The Igorot and the language is Philippine Spanish .
Jazz music is Alison O ' Donnell ' s type of music . She recorded for Static Caravan Recordings and once signed with Fruits de Mer Records .
Baymax , voiced by Scott Adsit and created by Duncan Roulean and Steven T . Seagle first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was designed by architect Alfred Giles who died in Kendall County , Texas .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra has payed for Shabah Al - Ordon Club and Al - Khor Sports Club .
Adam Holloway , born in Faversham , began his career on 5th May 2005 . His alma mater was Magdalene College Cambridge . He fought in the Gulf War .
Addiction journal is published by Wiley - Blackwell , whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community ( leader Ximo Puig ) , Spain ( leader Felipe VI ) . Spaniards are the population name there .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 , which starred Ryan Potter .
Former Anyang Halla club player , Alex Plante , is 1 . 9304m tall . He was born in Manitoba , in 1989 .
J . V . Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice and the OCLC number is 51969173 .
The epoch date of 109 Felicitas was 31 December 2006 , has a mass of 7 . 5 kg and its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 .
John Buscema was awarded an award by the Academy of Comic Book Arts .
Pakistan has the leader Nawaz Shiraf and is the country where you will find the city of Lahore , which is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport , which is located in Punjab .
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire , USA . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 . He was a member of Apollo 14 . Shepard died in California .
William Anders served as a Fighter pilot .
Alderney Airport has a runway length of 497 . 0 , it is made of asphalt .
Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio .
Al Anderson plays Rock in NRBQ band . Bhangra is a fusion genre , partly from Rock .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters in New York .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , a part of which is Brooklyn . New York City was part of New Netherland and can be found in the United States .
Gene Colan and the US National comic book writer , Roger McKenzie created Ben Urich .
Andrews County airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city and the capital is Austin . The local inhabitants have the demonym of Texans and use the English language .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students and is located in the country of Switzerland , which has as its leader Johann Schneider - Ammann . His title is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
David Cameron is a leader in the English speaking United Kingdom , where the AIDS Journal was published . The AIDS Journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , which is parented by Wolters Kluwer .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . Graeme Garden was one of the stars on the series which was created by John Geering .
Born in Dothan , Alabama , Allen Forrest was originally a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
The Alhambra is 638m long and has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a top speed of 18 . 52 .
Nawaz Sharif is the leader in Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore .
AIDS ( journal ) was first published in 1987 and comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS . It has the ISSN number 0269 - 9370 .
TARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from Argentina , where the people are called Argentines . The capital of Argentina is Buenos Aires and its leader is Gabriela Michetti .
American - born Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indiana whose musical genre is Psychedelia .
William Anders was a crew member on the NASA - operated Apollo 8 mission , along with Frank Borman . He received his MS from AFIT in 1962 , and retired on September 1st 1969 .
The Alhambra ( built by the Samuda Brothers ) is owned by the P & O company , located in London . It is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine , and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
William M O Dawson , who preceded Albert B White , was born in Bloomington , Maryland and died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and began his career on the 5th May 2005 . He was a Grenadier guard and the alma mater was Magdalene College Cambridge .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 . It has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres .
103 Hera has the epoch of 27 August 2011 .
Agnes Kant , who hails from the Netherlands , was a member of the Socialist Party and the House of Representatives in her country . The Netherland ' s leader is Mark Rutte .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music with the bodhrán . The Blues are the stylistic origins of Jazz . Funk derives from Jazz while Afrobeat is a fusion genre of it .
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in California , US and located in Illinois . The company provide the power for the AIDAluna .
Aleksandr Prydnikov is in the FC Terek Grozny club .
Anders Osborne started his rhythm and blues career in 1989 . He has worked with the Galactic band and associated with Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania and was established in the year 2000 . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carroll County to its southeast and Frederick County to its southwest - both of these counties are in Maryland . To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County Pennsylvania .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania , the leader of which is the Prime Minister and Romania has Germans as an ethnic group .
Adonis Georgiadis worked at the Ministry of Health in Greece .
The Broadwood Stadium is the home ground of Clyde F . C . which is managed by Barry Ferguson . Former Clyde F . C . footballer , Alan Martin , now is a member of the Motherwell FC .
The Alhambra , located in London and owned by P & O , is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes written by Eric Flint and influence by Robert A Heinlein .
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas .
Baked Alaska ( New York and France ) contains : sponge cake , ( aka Christmas Pudding ) , meringue and ice cream .
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio , United States , which is the location of Akron Summit Assault ' s ground at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School .
The alternative name for AMC Matador is VAM Classic .
Rochdale born Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman which was a TV series shown on the BBC , based at Broadcasting House in London .
Alan Bean was originally from Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He went on to work as a test pilot and became a crew member of the Apollo 12 mission before he retired .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a V6 engine and was assembled in Italy . it is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 .
Eagle is the successor of American Motors .
The ground of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
Originally from Canada , James Craig Watson attended the University of Michigan , and discovered 103 Hera .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight .
1 . 905m tall , Aleksander Barkov Jr , has played for the Florida Panthers . He was born in Tampere , Finland , on 1995 - 09 - 02 .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java ( land of the Javanese ) , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Batchoy is a dish that comes from the Philippines , where the Ilocano people and people of Moro ethnicity are ethnic groups . The official language in the Philippines is Philippine English , but Arabic is also spoken there .
In the United States where the leader is known as the President of the United States , John Roberts is the Chief Justice , one of the leaders is Paul Ryan and it is where 200 Delaware Avenue is located .
Dane Whitman , a . k . a . Black Knight , was created by John Buscema ( American ) in the comics genre .
200 Public Square in the United States has 45 floors , it was completed in 1985 .
AIDA Cruises , owned by AIDAluna , are located in Germany . AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore .
Gregory L . Fenves is the President of University of Texas at Austin .
Psychedelic folk musician Alison O ' Donnell has been signed to Fruits de Mer Records and also to London based Deram Records .
Arem - arem can be served as a main course .
Aaron Boogaard was born in 1986 , in Regina , Saskatchewan . He is 1 . 905 tall and played for the club , Wichita Thunder .
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Linebacker , Akeem Ayers , was born on 10th July 1989 . His debut team was the Tennessee Titans and he used to play for the St . Louis Rams .
Abel Caballero , was born in Galicia in Spain , is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party and worked at the Ministry of Public Works and Transport in Spain .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol and died in Austria , where the leader is Doris Bures .
AFC Ajax own and operate Sportpark De Toekomst . Tenants include AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax .
AFC Ajax N . V . owns AFC Ajax .
1 . 905 tall , Aaron Boogaard , whose club is Wichita Thunder , was born in 1986 , in Regina , Saskatchewan .
The Moro people and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups in the Philippines , which is home to the dish called batchoy . Philippine Spanish and Arabic are both spoken in the Philippines .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Madrid .
Binignit includes sweet potato as a main ingredient as well as sago .
The currency of Sri Lanka is the Sri Lankan rupee .
King County is the location of Auburn , Washington . Washington state is located within the United States , whose capital is Washington , D . C .
Turkmenistan Airlines utilizes the Ashgabat International Airport as its hub .
110 Lydia has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
English is the language of the United States . the country where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans . It is also where Soho Press , which published A Loyal Character Dancer , is based .
Ajoblanco has water as an ingredient and comes from Spain .
Laura Boldrini is a key leader in Italy .
Adam McQuaid , who is 1 . 9558m in height , was born on Prince Edward Island in 1986 .
Part of both Ellington , and the town of Menasha , Appleton , Wisconsin is a city which is served by Appleton International Airport .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who is a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow also plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar . In addition , he is in the FC Terek Grozny club managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is where English is spoken and Barack Obama is the leader . Angola , Indiana is part of Steuben County in the United States .
The language used in Michigan is Arabic .
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia , but originated in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
Julia Morgan was born in San Fransisco and she has designed many significant buildings including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building , the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum .
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines and one of the main ingredients is the sweet potato .
Agra Airport ' s runway length is 2743 . 0 .
Asherton Texas is in the United States .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Japan .
United States , where Baked Alaska is found , has Native Americans as an ethnic group and their leader is known as the president .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region in India . Its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
King County is the location of Auburn , Washington State in the United States . New York City is the largest city of the United States and Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
Indonesian Arem - arem contains rice cooked in a banana leaf , vegetables or minced meat . It is a variation of Lemper .
Angola International Airport , which serves the city of Luanda , is located at Ícolo e Bengo . The airport is 159 metres above sea level , has a runway named South Runway and it is 4 , 000 feet long .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the U . S . A .
The leader if Iraq is called Haider al - Abadi .
Sheldon Moldoff is an American who created the Black Pirate .
Advocado is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa and is part of the Lauraceae family .
William Anders is retired .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays with the Spartak Moscow FC whose home territory is the Otkrytiye Arena . He also plays for the Rubin Kazan FC .
Abilene is in Texas in the United States , the country where White Americans are an ethnic group .
Alex Tyus was born is St . Louis , which s part of the French First Republic and the leader is Francis G . Slay .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The US Air Force was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War and uses AC - 130 attack aircraft and Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britain . The US includes many Asian Americans , and its capital city is Washington D . C .
RoPS play in the Veikkausliiga league .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff size of 737 and is located in Denmark .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President . Meanwhile , Juan Peron belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina and was in office while Hortensio Quijano was vice president .
Addis Ababa City Hall ' s completion date was in 1964 .
Andrew White is a musician signed to Polydor Records which is located in London . Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music .
Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler Texas . He graduated from UT with a BSc in 1955 and was hired by NASA in 1963 . He served as a test pilot and was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 .
Christian Panucci plays for A . S . Livorno Calcio .
The English language is used in the United States where people can find the Bacon Explosion .
Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Taylor County , Texas , United States .
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji which uses gram flour .
A Glastonbury Romance , the sequel to Wolf Solent , was written by John Cowper Powys who was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . The book was followed by Maiden Castle and Weymouth Sands .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
The American sub NR - 1 was launched on January 25 , 1969 , has a top speed of 8 . 334 , and a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
The 3Arena , designed by the architectural company Populous , is located at " North Wall Quay " .
Born in Connecticut , Alfred N . Phillips , was a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district and served in the United States , Army , which had battled in the American Civil War .
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 and designed in the Romanesque Revival style , is located in Avenue A , Manhattan . The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 , with Reference Number 80002709 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and fought in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Akeem Adams died in Budapest , Hungary .
Mario Botta is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is located in the city of Mendrisio and was established in 1996 .
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in which Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play . Their home ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka ( the currency of which is the Ski Lankan rupee ) , the leader of that province is Austin Fernando .
Anders Osborne , whose musical genre is rock music , is with the record label , Okeh records . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Andrew Rayel began his musical career in 2009 and his musical genre is trance music . He is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina .
American Abraham A . Ribicoff worked as the U . S . Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and was succeeded by John N . Dempsey .
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine , fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart . He died in Massachusetts .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , whose leader is the President .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the UK , where the leader is Elizabeth II , English is the language spoken , and the country is inhabited by British people .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who died in West Germany .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland .
Texas demonym is Tejano .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in Connecticut and later became the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut .
Allen Forrest ' s genre is Hip Hop music whose origins are Disco music . Hip hop music has its styles in funk .
The city of Amirillo , Texas is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and Washington D . C . is the capital city .
Bhajji ( Bhaji ) , or bajji , contains vegetables and gram flour ; it originates from the Karnataka region of India .
Alan Bean was born in the U . S . on March 15th in 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1963 , and served as a test pilot on Apollo 12 , which was operated by NASA .
Steel Azin F . C . play in Iran Football ' s 3rd Division .
The AIDS journal , which studies HIV / AIDS , has the ISSN number 0269 - 9370 .
Canadian , James Craig Watson ( died in Madison , Wisconsin ) , discovered 101 Helena , which has an orbit of 1516 . 6700000000003 days .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku .
Adonis Georgiadis worked for the office of the Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally .
Antioch , California has a total area of 75 . 324 square km .
Arabic is one of the languages that is spoken in New York .
Akeem Priestley is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club , whose manager is Oliver Wyss . He now plays for Jacksonville Dolphins .
10 Hygiea has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
Abel Caballero ( b Galicia , Spain ) served during the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain .
Eric Flint ' s book , " 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , " was preceded by " Grantville Gazette II . " .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong but has a United States nationality .
The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is 4100 . 0 .
Arrabbiata sauce from Rome , Italy contains : oregano , chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar .
A commander in the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis .
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km and a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins .
AEK Athens F . C . manager is Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F . C .
Singer , Aaron Turner , played with the band Twilight and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band . His genre is Black Metal . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Pallacanestro Cantú plays in the Lega Basket Serie A .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana in the United States .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia . It includes Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Rapper Abradab , who originally comes from Katowice , has been performing since 1994 with such bands as Magik and Kaliber 44 .
Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK .
Juventus FC are champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play . The AS Roma ground is Stadio Olimpico and they have 70634 members .
The Vandenberg Air Force Base is in Lompoc , CA .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team , for FC Amkar Perm and for FC Terek Grozny . FC Spartak Moscow play at the Otkrytiye Arena . FC Terek Grozny are managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest ; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , was born in New Britain , Connecticut , and married Ruth Ribicoff .
Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines , where the dish binignit can be found . It should be served as the dessert course . Other type of dessert is a cookie .
Canadian , James Craig Watson ( discoverer of 103 Hera ) , studied at the University of Michigan , and later died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County in California . Contra Costa County is part of the San Francisco Bay Area . One of the languages spoken in California is Vietnamese .
Alan Shepard was an American astronaut , born on November 18th , 1923 , in New Hampshire . Alan went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . He died in California .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib , was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the state of Alba , Romania is Breaz Valer Daniel . The latin name of the university is " Universitas Apulensis " .
1036 Ganymed has a rotational period of 37116 . 0 .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the United States and the leader of the United States has a title called the president . Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States . Asian Americans are one of many ethnic groups in the United States which is where Bacon Explosion comes from .
Approximately 500 employees make up the academic staff at Acharya Institute of Technology .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States ; where Americans live , the anthem is the Star Spangled Banner , and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
The architect of 3Arena was the company Populous , it is a 28 . 0 metres high concerts and events venue type building that was completed in December 2008 .
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas . Elliot was a student at the University of Texas at Austin which is competing in the Big 12 conference . Elliot performed as a test pilot and died in St Louis .
HOK ( firm ) were the architects of 200 Public Square .
Arianespace operates the ELA - 3 .
Atlas II originates from the United States , where the inhabitants are called Americans and where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Alfred Moore Scales , who was born in Reidsville , North Carolina , is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . He was Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by the politician James W Reid .
The nationality of René Goscinny is French .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is an affiliate of the University of Texas system and competes in the Big 12 Conference . He later became a test pilot .
Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , has died .
Shiitake is a key ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor and Siomay .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol , who play in the Uruguayan Primera División . He later played for Central Español and the club U . S . Città di Palermo , which was managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County in the United States . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S , where the capital is Washington DC .
The alternative name of Asterix ( comics character ) is " Astérix " .
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which is a related vehicle to the Aston Martin DBS .
Hamburger SV is a club that belongs to the Bundesliga League .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian national and graduate of the University of Michigan who died in Madison , Wisconsin . 101 Helena has an absolute magnitude of 8 . 33 .
English is the spoken language in Michigan whose state capital is Lansing and Ann Arbor is located in the county of Washtenaw .
The rector of 1 Decembrie 1918 University , in Alba Iulia , Romania , is Breaz Valer Daniel .
Serbia born pop singer Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 . Disco is a fusion of pop .
Elliot See ( 23rd July 1927 - 28th February 1966 ) was born in Dallas . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin . He was a test pilot and died in St Louis .
The Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups in the Philippines where the Arabic language is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
Baked Alaska originates from the country of France who has Gerard Larcher as the leader .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and is 1 . 905 tall . He plays for Wichita Thunder .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , the country where the leader is Barack Obama and there is an ethnic group called Native Americans . English is spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain .
With a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , Anaheim , California ( U . S . ) , is led by the California State Assembly , which is part of the California State Legislature .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and died in the United States .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq , where they speak Arabic .
The epoch of 103 Hera is 31st July 2016 and its orbital period is 1622 . 213 days .
Rolando Maran plays for Vicenza Calcio .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country which is inhabited by Italians . The capital of Italy is Rome , the official language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Knightsbridge , London is the birthplace of Airey Neave and he was involved in the Battle of France . He started his career on 30th June 1953 and ended it on 30th March 1979 .
Attica is part of Logan Township in Fountain County , Indiana . Fountain County ' s county seat is Covington and everything is in the U . S . where Washington , D . C . is the capital .
Alison O ' Donnell is associated with the band Head South By Weaving .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England and lived in Gravesend .
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia is on 31st July 2016 and its orbital period is 5 . 75 days .
Alfredo Zitarrosa started out as a solo singer in the genre Candombe , and has been associated with Numa Moraes and Yamamdú Palacios . He was signed to the RCA Records label .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid in Spain where the leader party is the People ' s Party ( Spain ) .
Appletone International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsin . Both Menasha and Dale are parts of Greenville .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in the state of Michigan . Located in the US , the state has the capital of Lansing .
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1 , 533 and it is located at Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States .
The official language of Canada is French .
Alaa Abdul Zahra played for the club Tractor Sazi F . C .
Arianespace is located in the city of Courcouronnes .
The capital of Illinois is Springfield , Illinois .
Located at Sao Jose dos Pinhais , Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway length of 2215 . 0 metres .
The discoverer of 101 Helena is the Canadian James Craig Watson .
American Alan Bean was a test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texas and in 1963 was picked by NASA as part of the space program .
Adam Koc , who was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny and also for FC Spartak Moscow whose ground is at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington D . C . , United States . He plays rhythm and blues which originated from the blues and which has disco as a derivative .
Completed in 1985 in the United States , 200 Public Square has 45 floors and floor area of 111484 meters .
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara , Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
The editor of AIP Advances published by American Institute of Physics is A . T Charlie Johnson who graduated from Harvard University and is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham .
Antwerp international airport is operated by the Flemish government which has full jurisdiction .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , and was selected by NASA in 1959 . He served as crew member on Apollo 14 , and died in California .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ( Universitas Aarhusiensis , in Latin ) , was established in 1928 in Aarhus . The school has 737 academic staff and 1600 students , and is affiliated with the European University Association . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen .
The christening date of AIDAluna , which is 242000 . 0 mms in length , is the 4th April 2004 .
Anderson is in Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana ; which is in the United States .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Akita , Akita , Japan . Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan .
Peter Stoger ( football ) , First Vienna FC , now a manager of 1 . FC Koln , played for SK Vorwarts Steyr .
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire , US . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 . He passed away in California on July 21 , 1998 .
Turkmenistan Airlines operate Ashgabat International Airport located at 211 metres above sea level in Ashgabat . The airport runway name is 12R / 30L and it is 3800 . 0 in length .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton .
Akron , Ohio is located within the United States and English is the language spoken there . African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Abel Caballero was in office after Juan Carlos I of Spain , who was born in Rome , succeeded Francisco Franco as monarch .
Footballer Alaa Abdul - Zahra is a forward and plays for the club Al Shorta SC .
Aarhus Airport , Denmark , is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region .
Joe Vitt is the coach of the St . Louis Rams .
Adam McQuaid plays for the Boston based , Boston Bruins and was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets ( Columbus , Ohio ) . The Blue Jackets are managed by Jarmo Kekalainen .
Agnes Kant ( b Hessich Oldendorf ) graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen .
Asam pedas , found in Malaysia , originates from Sumatra . Two ethnic groups found in Malaysia are the Malay and the Malaysian Chinese .
The book , A Loyal Character Dancer , has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 which has 360 pages .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and one of the ingredients in it is pork .
The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he is now manager of FC Magdeburg .
Born in Faversham , Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards . Adam Holloway was the Member of Parliament for Gravesham and his alma mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge .
Arem - arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine , originating from the country of Indonesia , one of whose leaders is Jusuf Kalla .
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 . He is 2 . 032 metres tall . He played for the college Florida Gators men ' s basketball team and was drafted in 2011 .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres . It was launched at ELA - 3 , making the maiden flight on 2 March 2004 and the final flight on 18 December 2009 .
The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is 4349 . 0 .
A . C Chievo Verona , is the club of Michele Marcolini , who has been the manager of AC Lumezzane .
William M O Dawson was the successor of Albert B . White who was born in Cleveland . Agnes Ward White , his wife , was Marietta , Ohio .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100 and is located in the country of Switzerland , whose leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann . His title is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
The architect of Adare Manor , completed in 1862 , was Augustus Pugin .
Isis cellist Aaron Truner , previously played with the band Twighlight . He can be described as a post metal performer .
AFC Blackpool is located in the town of Blackpool , where the leader of the Council is the Labour Party ( UK ) . The manager of AFC Blackpool is Stuart Parker who has previously played football for Drogheda United FC and KV Mechelen .
Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region of Colombia . The main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Aaron S . Daggat was born in Maine .
A Fortress of Grey Ice by J . V . Jones has the OCLC number 51969173 and is available in hardcover .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association . It has 737 staff and 16 , 000 students .
Johns Hopkins University Press is located in the United States .
Categorized as a contributing property , the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is part of Jones County , Texas .
Alan Frew is a solo singer of rock music . Rock music has origins in country music and folk music , and A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1982 . 0 . It is operated by an organisation in Outgamie County , Wisconsin .
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit which is a Philippine dish .
The leader of the United States is Paul Ryan . The leader of the United States is President Barack Obama . 205 Delaware Avenue is an address in the United States .
The comic character , Auron ' s full name is Lambien .
The Atlas II , with a 3 . 04m diameter , was launched from Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 , at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . Its final flight was August 31 , 2004 .
The book A Long Long Way ( which was followed by The Secret Scripture ) , was published by Viking Press of the United States . Viking Press has the parent company Penguin Random House .
Helmut Jahn was the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which was completed in 1983 and has 20 floors .
Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated Admin . Sci . Q . , has ISSN number 0001 - 8392 .
Uruguay ’ s national anthem is called the National Anthem of Uruguay .
Attica in Indiana , has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
A common dish in Indonesia , is Arem - arem , it ' s origins are from Java . Indonesia ' s leader is Joko Widodo as well as Jusuf Kalla .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , born in Birmingham whose leader is Labour politician John Clancy .
Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City , New York , Manhattan .
Akeem Priestley plays for Jacksonville Dolphins and the Harbour View F . C .
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle that is made in Marysville , Ohio and has a Honda K engine type . It also contains a 9 - speed ZF 9HP automatic ( V6 ) transmission and has front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
200 Public Square in Cleveland completed in 1985 has 45 floors .
Agnes Kant , whose Alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen was born in Hessisch Oldendort and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
Adam Koc , who fought in World War I , won the Legion of Honour award .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north Cumberland County is located - all of these counties are in the state of Pennsylvania . Adams County has Carroll County to its southeast and Frederick County to its southwest - both these counties are in Maryland .
The epoch date of 110 Lydia is December 31st 2006 . It ' s apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km / s and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Aaron Boogaard is 1 . 905 tall .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and is a related means of transportation of The Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema .
The orbital period of 1097 Vicia , is 135589000 . 0 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT in 1963 . He performed as a fighter pilot and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew , operated by NASA . He is now retired .
Anaheim , California ; has a UTC offset of - 7 , the area code , 657 , a total area of 131 . 6 sq km , and has 336265 people inhabiting it .
Rock musician Anders Osborne started performing in 1989 . He has worked with Tab Benoit and is associated with Billy Iuso and the Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler Texas ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA and command by David Scott . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot .
Frangipane is an ingredient in a Bakewell tart , it is a variation of Bakewell pudding , that originates from the Derbyshire Dales .
The band Suburban Legend ' s genre is Rock music .
Aaron Turner came from the U . S .
Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated to Association of MBAs . Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands , the country where Ab Klink was born , in Stellendam .
The purple finch is a native bird to New Hampshire .
The university of texas at Austin is affiliated to the university of texas system . It will compete in the Big 12 Conference . The Hook ' em is their mascot . Gregory L . Fenves is the President and Elliot See , born in Dallas , is a notable student .
American Institute of Physics is the publisher of AIP Advances , the editor of which is A . T . Charlie Johnson who has Stanford University for an Alma mater .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who , served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister .
Agnes Kant , from the Netherlands , worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands . She is a member of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer .
Texas is a state in America , and Amarillo which is part of Potter County is in Texas .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . The airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC . The country is the location of Atlantic City , part of New Jersey where the largest city is Newark .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico . Another type of dessert is an ice cream .
Solo singer , Allen Forrest , performs rhythm and blues music . The genre which originated from the blues and which has disco as a derivative .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s clubs are FC Karpaty Lviv and also FC Samtredia who play their home games at the Erosi Manjgaladze stadium .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s spouse was Casey Ribicoff .
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township which is in Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is Denmark ' s leader .
Afonso Pena International Airport in São José dos Pinhais serves Curitiba , which is part of Parana state . São José dos Pinhais is part of the South Region , Brazil .
109 Felictas , which has the epoch date 31 December 2006 , has a mass of 7 . 5 kgs and was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters . It ' s orbital period is 139705000 . 0 and the apoapsis measures 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
The Vietnamese are an ethnic group in Japan where Taro Aso is the leader . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
A . S Livorno Calcio ' s ground is in Livorno , and it has 19238 members .
The Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick , Maryland is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which was established on 11 July 1907 . It was provided by the National Park Service .
Alessio Romagnoli used to play for the Italy national under - 19 football team and currently plays for the Italy national under - 17 football team , which is coached by Alessandro Dal Canto .
Building started on the Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961 , it is 42 m high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . The Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants .
Akeem Adams plays for Central fC and Ferencvarosi TC .
Folk music is the genre of Alison O ' Donnell , who plays the instrument called the bodhran .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff of 737 and is located in the city of Aarhus . It has an affiliation with European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1873 . 0 .
The discoverer of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research .
108 St Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia , has 50 floors and was completed in 198 at a cost of 120 million Australian dollars .
Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio .
The operator of AIDAstella is Rostock based AIDA Cruises . The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere .
The bacon sandwich , which contains bacon , comes from the United Kingdom . It is a variation of the BLT which itself is a variation of the club sandwich .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . It has a runway length of 4349 . 0 .
In the United States ; English is spoken , Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and , it is the location of Angola , Indiana .
The U . S . House of Reps is located in Washington , D . C .
Bandeja paisa , containing Chorizo , is part of Colombian cuisine .
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia located in the United States .
Alex Plante ' s birth place is Brandon Manitoba , where he was born in 1989 .
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) has provided spare parts for NAeL Minas Geraisand with the remainder being scrapped in 2000 .
The creators of the comics character Blockbuster are Carmine Infantino and Tom Lyle .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( which is their full name ) competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . Their ground is called Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they have 17000 memberrs .
The length of the first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 metres .
FC Spartak Moscow have their home ground at the Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of their youth team . He has also played for FC Rubin Kazan but is currently with FC Terek Grozny under the manager , Rashid Rakhimov .
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus in India , which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is situated at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Andra began her singing career in 2000 and belongs to the musical genre , dance pop .
Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia where the ethnic groups are the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay . Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia in the Malay Peninsula .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Esteghlal Ahvaz F C managed by Adnan Hamad , and he plays for Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , The local currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara , although Istanbul is the largest . Izmir , Turkey is the location of the Ataturk monument .
Albany , Oregon is in the U . S which has Washington , D . C . as its capital and is home to African Americans and Americans .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( which is the club ' s full name ) played in the 2015 season . They have 17000 members and the nickname " Alvinegro " .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and the Suburban Legends band . Brian Robertson is a trombonist in the Suburban Legends pop music band .
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine , it includes a fried egg .
1000 Piazzia , which has the epoch date of 27 June 2015 , has a mass of 1 . 1 kgs and an orbital period of 4881060 . 0 . The escape velocity is 0 . 0252 km per sec and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
The asteroid 110 Lydia , has a temperature of 168 . 0 kelvins , and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
From Indianapolis , Indiana , Aaron Deer is a performer of the music genre Indie rock .
Aaron Bertram played for Kids Imagine Nation Band and Suburban Legends . He started performing in 1998 and ska is his genre .
Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues , the musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun , who is from the United States ; where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Born in Preubisch Oldendorf , Walter Baade , discovered 1036 Ganymed . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and his doctoral student was , Allan Sandage .
The ALV X - 1 originates from the United States where the Americans make up the population which includes the ethnic group known as Native Americans and has a national anthem " The Star Spangled Banner " .
Akeem Dent once played for the Houston Texans team which is based in Houston in Texas .
Giuseppe Iachini is the manager of and Abel Hernández plays for the club , U . S . Città di Palermo . Abel Hernandez used to be a member of the Central Espanol youth team which plays in the Uruguayan Segunda División .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde .
The mass of 1000 Piazzia is 1 . 1 kg .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay on May 5 , 1913 . He signed to Philips Records .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000 . With an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres this body has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs .
Aenir written by Garth Nix is available in paperback with the OCLC number 45644811 .
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern .
The city manager is the leader of Austin , Texas .
The runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 2989 . 0 meters .
Saranac Lake , New York , is part of Harrietstown , Essex County , New York and is served by Adirondack Regional Airport .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated name Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , comes under the academic discipline of paleontology . Its LCCN number is 60040714 and ISSN number is 1732 - 2421 .
The inauguration date for the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , made of bronze , is 1932 - 07 - 27 .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and died in New Mexico Territory .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville , which was part of the American Civil War conflict . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War .
Neptun Werft is headquartered in Rostock .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 and received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol , in Austria , and died in Graz .
Adare Manor can be found in County Limerick .
Greenville is in Grand Chute , and is a part of Ellington , Wisconsin . It is the location of Appleton International airport which serves the city of Appleton .
American Civil War , Battle of Fredericksburg veteran Alfred Moore Scales was born in the United States . The American Civil War included Jefferson Davis as a commander . The U . S . includes African Americans .
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has a temperature of 155 kelvins .
Elliot See is a United States national .
Al Anderson ( of the band NRBQ ) played once with The Wildweeds .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas U . S . Spanish is spoken in Texas where Austin is the capital .
Above the Veil , ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 , is 248 pages long .
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , in Indiana in the U . S . It has a population density of 524 . 5 people per sq km , 324 metres above sea level , and a total area of 16 . 55 sq km .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one ethnic group is the African Americans and is written in English which is a language spoken in Great Britain .
Ace Wilder has a background as a solo singer and was born in Stockholm in 1982 .
Discovered Nikolai Chernykh , 11264 Claudiomaccone , has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 . It has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and the epoch date of 26 November 2005 .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , United States and is 23 metres above sea level .
The city of Detroit is the largest in Michigan which contains Ann Arbor and Lansing is the capital city .
320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929 .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is located in the Ukraine .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders . The language spoken in the country is greek .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States which has the African Americans among its ethnic groups .
Hip Hop musician Allen Forrest is a singer . Hip hop originates from disco and funk while being the influence on Drum & bass .
103 Colmore Row is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture " .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and François Hollande . Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago .
Marriott International ( founded in Washington D . C . ) is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark . Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the Prime Minister of Denmark .
Sausage is a main ingredient in the dish ' Bacon Explosion ' , which also contains bacon .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , United States where English is spoken and where Barack Obama is the leader .
William Anders is from the United States .
Akeem Ayers draft pick is 39 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover ( 320 pages ) . The OCLC and ISBN codes are 78771100 and 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , respectively .
The city of Abilene , in Texas , is served by Abilene Regional Airport . The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has the runway length of 2 , 195 . It also has the runway name 17L / 35R and the ICAO Location Identifier is KABI .
People in Finland are known as Finns .
The TV character Bananaman was created by John Geering . The programme was broadcast by STV and starred Graeme Garden . Bananaman was first shown on 10th March 1983 and last aired on 15th April 1986 .
Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia ( formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC ) on its epoch date of July 31 , 2016 . It ' s orbital period is 5 . 75 days and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
Atlas II originates from the United States , where Washington D . C . is the capital and the leader is the President . African Americans make up an ethnic group .
Benito Mussolini was a commander in World War II which Airey Neave fought in . One of the places in World War II was named South East Asian theatre of World War II .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States . The country is the location of Texas where one of the languages spoken is Spanish . Both Abilene and Houston ( the largest city ) in found in Texas .
San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County , Texas .
Rhythm and blues artist Ahmet Ertegun has a background as a non - performing personnel .
C . D . FAS play in the Salvadoran Primera Division .
George Kapitan is the creator of the comic character " Airman " or otherwise known as " Drake Stevens " .
Jens Hartel , who played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and now plays for SV Babelsberg 03 , is the manager at FC Magdeburg .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States .
The Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels , Belgium and classed as a supermini . It has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - engine / front - wheel drive layout .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the president and African Americans are an ethnic group within the country .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he succeeded Adenan Satem .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , which has London as its capital . Queen Elizabeth II is a leader of the UK , as is Boris Johnson , and the European Parliament also has some control .
A Wizard of Mars is an American novel , where English ( the language of Great Britain ) is spoken . The previous president was Barack Obama who is African American .
Aaron Hunt has played for SV Werder Bremen who are managed by Viktor Skrypuyk along with Hamburger SV who are a member of the Bundesliga .
The nationality of William Anders is United States .
Agnes Kant was a Member of the House of Representatives .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States is the location of Atlantic City International Airport , which has a runway length pf 1873 . 0 .
The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden . Stuart Parker , who once played football for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC is the manager of AFC Blackpool , whose ground is located in Blackpool .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The inhabitants of the United States are called Americans .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio , United States .
200 Public Square , U . S . completed in 1985 has 45 floors .
Alessio Romagnoli , was a member of the Italian national under 17 football team , and plays for A . C . Milan . Siniša Mihajlović is manager of A . C . Milan which is in Serie A league .
Attica is in Fountain County where the county seat is Covington . Fountain County is in indiana where Indianapolis is the capital .
ACF Fiorentina competed in the 2014 season and they have 47290 members .
Abner W Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and died in Alexandria , Virginia . He was a member of the Republican party of the United States and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District before being succeeded by Donald J Irwin .
Aaron Hunt ' s birth place is Goslar .
The American Journal of Mathematics has an ISSN number of 0002 - 9327 .
Alan Bean was a test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texas .
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds as well as the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach .
The United States Army fought in the Whiskey Rebellion battle .
A . S Livorno Calcio ground is in Livorno and has 19238 members .
Walter Baade , who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and had Halton Arp as one of his doctoral students , was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed .
The A - Rosa Luna , christened 4 / 7 / 2005 , is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and weighs 1850 tons .
Abel Hernandez previously played for the Central Espanol club and now plays for the Uruguay national football team .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and Indonesia . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . It also has fried chicken in it .
The creators of Blockbuster ( comics character ) are Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle .
At New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport , one of the runways is 518 . 0 long and the third runway is made of Poaceae .
Abilene and Austin are in the united states in the state of Texas , New York City is the largest city of the US and english is spoken in Texas .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is considered a mid - size luxury executive car .
Ajoblanco or ajo blanco , a dish made of bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil , is from the Andalusia region of Spain .
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . and they have 17000 members . Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and the club played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 .
Bhajji comes from the country of India , where Narendra Modi is a leader and the Indian rupee is the currency .
Delta II was manufactured by the United Launch Alliance .
The dessert of baked Alaska has meringue as an ingredient , a cookie is also a type of dessert .
Americans are the people occupying the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Located in the United States , is Albany , in Oregon , the capital of which , is Salem .
" Drake Stevens " is known as the comic character Airman .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who resides in Kuching and was born in Miri , is a member the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International airport which has the ICAO location identifier of KACY and is 23 metres above sea level . The runway ( 13 / 31 ) has a length of 1 , 873 .
Member of Gravesham Parliament and retired Grenadier Guard Adam Holloway was born in Faversham . He graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge and began his career 05 / 05 / 2005 .
Antioch in California has a population of 102 , 372 and covers an area of 75 . 324 square kilometres . The area code for Antioch is 925 and the UTC offset is - 8 .
Aaron Deer is an indie rock singer . This music originated from garage rock and new wave music .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas , U . S .
Celery is in the family of Apiaceae .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United States and publishes the American Journal of Mathematics .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England and began his career on 5th May 2005 . A Member of parliament , Adam Holloway , Grenadier Guards , in the military , and his alma mater was Magdalene College Cambridge .
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team but now manages the AZ Alkmaar .
Born on 1947 - 03 - 13 , Al Anderson , plays with the band , NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds .
The launch site of the Antares rocket was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and its final flight was on the 18th of September 2013 .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java ( home of the Javanese ) , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region , specifically Java where Baduy are an ethnic group . Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is the leader .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and started his musical career in 1930 He performs rhythm and blues , which originates from blues . Disco style derives from rhythm and blues .
Ab Klink worked at the Senate in Netherlands and was a student at Erasmus University in Rotterdam . which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu member and Asajaya representative Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He was born 05 / 21 / 1936 in the Kingdom of Sarawak .
The United States Air Force is the operating organization for Al Asad Airbase which is in the Al Anbar Province in Iraq . The runway ' s name is 09R / 27L and its length is 3078 . 48 m .
Big Hero 6 , starring Jamie Chung , features the character Baymax .
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna which has a Caterpillar Inc . engine . Caterpillar Inc . is located in Peoria , Illinois , but was founded in California and Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person .
Shumai is a variation of Batagor which has Peanut sauce as an ingredient .
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin , succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , and is a related type of transportation as the Aston Martin DBS .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and its rotation period is 11473 . 9 .
Albert Jennings was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War , where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Condiments are ingredients in bacon sandwiches and a variation is the BLT .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 .
Albert B . White was born on the 22nd of September , 1856 .
Buzz Aldrin was a United States national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in Darien , Connecticut . He served in the United States Army and was a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district . Whiskey Rebellion was a battle fought in the US .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County , Georgia , United States .
Anders Osborne was signed to the record label ' Alligator Records ' and is an exponent of Rock music . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
William M . O . Dawson succeeded Albert B . White , whose spouse was Agnes Ward White , who was born in Marietta , Ohio .
The density of 101 Helena is 2 . 0 gram per cubic cm and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The ship AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and was built by Meyer Werft located in Papenburg .
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . That address is in Bangalore , India . The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 , its president is B . M . Reddy , its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar , and it has 700 postgraduate students .
Psychedelic folk singer Alison O ' Donnell was signed with Stanyan Records and London based Deram Records .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265 kelvins .
Chiang Kai - shek was a commander in the Second World War , in which Abner W Sibal fought .
The A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine .
Antwerp International Airport is located in Belgium which has French as the official language .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania , whose capital city is Bucharest . The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
Andre Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and the musical artist Armin van Buuren . He performs Trance music .
Auburn , Alabama is located at 214 . 0 above sea level and its area code is 334 . The total area of Auburn , Alabama is 140 . 8 Sq Km and it has a 368 . 65 inhabitants / square kilometres .
Baked Alaska , with ice cream as one ingredient , is a dish from the U . S . It is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong .
Buzz Aldrin who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D , served as a fighter pilot .
The Audi A1 is a hatchback assembled in Brussels , Belgium with a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 6 - speed manual transmission .
Andrew Rayel , born in Chisinau , Moldova began his career in trance music in 2009and is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Amharic is a language spoken there .
The birth place of Tim Brooke - Taylor is United Kingdom .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport .
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery an was awarded the Order of the British Empire .
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia was formerly called A911 MD . It has an epoch of 31 July 2016 and a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
Chicago is in Cook County , Illinois .
English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in A Wizard of Mars . However , the book was published in the United States where the leader is the President and is home to many Asian Americans .
The American submarine NR - 1 is 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) long .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a 3 . 8m ship beam .
Designer of 103 Colmore Row , John Madin ' s hometown was Birmingham , a town led by the Liberal Democrats and the postcode area ' B ' .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , a style that originated from blues and was derived into funk .
Ariane 5 is manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who played for Old Man Gloom and currently member of the Lotus Easter band .
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and a rotation period of 198803 . 0 .
Limerick City and County Council governs County Limerick .
Wilson Township ( Alpena County ) , Michigan , U . S . A . , is home to the Alpena County Regional Airport , whose runway length is 1 , 533 . and is located 210 metres above sea level .
Albany , Oregon has a water area of 0 , 54 square kilometres .
Alfred Garth Jones is from the UK and died in Sidcup , in London . The city which is led by Boris Johnson and the European Parliament .
" Mark Desmond , " also known as the comic character Blockbuster , was created by Carmine Infantino and Tom Lyle .
Akron , Ohio is located within the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there .
Maine born Aaron S Dagget , who died in West Roxbury , fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia , United States . Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County , Georgia .
Franklin County is west of Adams County , Pennsylvania and southwest to Frederick County , Maryland . You can find the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Adams County which is in the municipality of Gettysburg .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and for Old Man Gloom .
Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music .
Adare Manor , designed by James Pain and completed in 1862 , is located in Adare , County Limerick .
Arem - arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , and is more specific to Java . Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders of Indonesia .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
The ship AIDAluna began its service on the 22nd of march 2009 .
Anderson is part of Indiana .
Alessio Romagnoli is currently with A . C . Milan where the chairman is Silvio Berlusconi and the manager Sinisa Mihajlovic . He has previously played for the Italian national under 16 football team and has also represented the club UC Sampdoria .
Bionico is a dessert containing cottage cheese and is from Mexican Spanish speaking Mexico ; led by Enrique Pena Nieto .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County , which is turn , is is part of the San Francisco Bay area , in , English Speaking , California .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan . He also plays for Alianza F . C . , FC Dallas , and the El Salvador national football team .
Adirondack Regional Airport , located in Harrietstown , New York , serves Lake Placid , NY and Saranac Lake , NY . The length of the runway at this airport is 2003 . 0 and it lies 507 metres above sea level .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Zestafoni .
The Delta 11 , launched from Cape Caneveral Air Force Station , is comparable with the Delta II .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia on May 21st , 1936 and lives in Sarawak . Mahmud represented Asajaya and belonged to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Albany , Oregon which is 64 , 008 above sea level has a population density of 1104 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometres and is 45 . 97 square kilometres .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Public Square , Cleveland .
A . C . Lumezzanne ' s ground is in Italy where the capital is Rome , the official language is Italian and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . It was preceded by the DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes including Grantville Gazette II .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar as well as a player for ADO Den Haag and De Graafschap .
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Iraq and has played for Al - Wakrah Sport Club and Tractor Sazi FC .
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 2 . 7Kg . It has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 . and an apoasis of 605718000 . 0 Km .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aaarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas and was built in 1911 . The House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988 with the reference number 88002539 .
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 1930 . He served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 11 . He has now retired , .
AEK Athens FC played in the Superleague Greece 2014 season . They have 69618 members and currently play their home games at the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
Atlas II is 3 . 04m in diameter and was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . March 16 , 1998 was its last flight .
Arros Negre comes from the Catalonia region where Carles Puidgemont is the leader . The region is part of Spain where the ruler is King Felipe VI .
The Alvis Speed 25 ' s engine is 4387 . 0 cubic centimetres .
The footballer Abner was born on 30 May 1996 and plays for both the Brazilian national under 17 football team and Real Madrid Castilla .
Albennie Jones started being active in 1930 and performs in the rhythm and blues genre , a derivative of which , is Disco .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
Adam McQuaid was born in 1986 in Charlottetown . He is 1 . 9558 m tall .
The AMC Matador was manufactured during 1971 by Australian Motor Industries . It is related to the AMC Ambassador .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S , where Americans live . The leader of the United States is the President of the United States , and one of its ethnic groups is African Americans . .
Money used in Greece is the Euro .
Amarillo , Texas is in the United States , where Washington D . c . is the capital , and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A . D . Isidro Metapan have 10000 members and play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez .
Fulton County is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia , in the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The euro is the currency in Spain .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert , as is Binignit .
Alberto Teisaire , a member of the Justicialist Party , was in office while Juan Perón was president .
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy .
Alessio Romagnoli is currently with A . C . Milan who are managed by Siniša Mihajlović and the chairman is Silvio Berlusconi . Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . S . Roma and is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team .
The Alan B . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia , owned by the College of William and Mary , was designed by Robert A M Stern and completed on June 1st , 2009 .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are in Ashgabat and their hub at Turkmenabat airport .
The elevation above the sea level in Albany , Georgia , is 62 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington , D . C .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956 , is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length . It has a V12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States , and died in New York City . African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from Argentina , where Gabriela Michetti is the leader and Argentines live . The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) was built by Cammell Laird .
Alan B . Miller Hall , designed by Robert A M Stern , is situated in Virginia , United States . The Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary , and its current tenant is The Mason School of Business .
The book " A Fortress of Grey Ice " was written by J V Jones , can be found in print and has 672 pages .
The genre of Aaron Turner is Post - Metal music , he ' s performed with Greymachine and The House of Low Culture .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is also known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " and is a sedan , executive class car with a straight - four engine .
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music , the genre that drum and bass is derived from .
Jazz includes the clarinet and has its origins in the Blues . Funk and Afrobeat are derived from Jazz . and includes Alison O ' Donnell as a jazz musician .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the Derbyshire Dales . It was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 and the main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " .
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish that comes from the Antioquia Department region . It contains red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg . plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Albert Jennings Fountain ' s place of death was in the New Mexico Territory .
The 108 St . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australia .
There are 250 academic staff at the AWH Engineering College in the city of Kuttikkattoor .
The tomato comes from the Solanaceae family and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
1000 Piazzia was formerly called " 1923 NZ1951 OB " and has the epoch date of 27 June 2015 .
The character of Aurakles has the alternative name of Aurakles and was created by Len Wein and Dick Dillin .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Iraq national under 23 football team . His club is AL Kharaitiyat SC which has its grounds at Al Khor .
Alison O ' Donnell plays Irish folk music and started performing in 1963 . She was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and Bajik and is signed to Floating World Records .
Dallas born test pilot Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin . This university is affiliated to the university of texas system , and it will compete in the Big 12 Conference .
Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and is led by Ram Naik . It is the location of Agra airport situated at 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
Columbus Blue Jackets ' general manager is Jarmo Kekalainen .
French Guiana is the location of the Guiana Space Centre .
Albany is part of Linn County , Oregon , in the U . S , where the capital is Washington , D . C .
Julia Morgan is an architect born in San Francisco who designed several significant projects . These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the landmark Californian building of the Los Angeles Examiner building , the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle .
Alberto Teisaire , was born in Mendoza in Argentina , and is part of the Justicialist Party .
American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to Am . J . Math , is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press . Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press which is located in the United States .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in connecticut where he worked as a Member of the U . S House of Representatives in the 4th district and he is the successor of Albert E . Austin .
The 1955 Dodge has a station wagon style body .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 14L / 32R with a length of 4100 . 0 .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US which is led by the President of the United States .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States which was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern .
Aaron Turner ' s genre is post - metal . He performs for Mamiffer and is associated with Greymachine .
The leader of France is Manuel Valls .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Bundelhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force . The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is owned by the Indian Air Force along with the transport plane the Boeing C - 1 Globemaster III .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , which English is the language , and Native Americans are among its ethnic groups .
Anderson , Union Township , Madison County , Indiana is led by the Democratic Party ( headquarters : Washington , D . C . ) is part of the United States .
The BBC began broadcasting Bananaman on 10 / 03 / 1983 and its last episode went to air on April 15th , 1986 . Steve Bright is one of the creators of Bananaman which has Tim Brooke - Taylor as one of its stars .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and his alma mater is Magdalene College in Cambridge . He began his career on 5th May 2005 and was in the Grenadier Guards in the military .
Peter Stöger is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club .
The novel A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture published by Faber and Faber .
Rock and roll originated from country music .
Country music guitarist Al Anderson , who plays with the band NRBQ was once a member of the Wildweeds .
The Atlas II , from the U . S . , launch pad is at Florida Spaceport Launch Complex 36 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is called Sparta Prague and he is a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow whose ground is at the Otkrytiye Arena .
People in Uruguay are known as Uruguayans .
Marriott International ( founded in Washington , D . C . ) ia a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen ( Copenhagen , Denmark ) , the Faroese Language is spoken in Denmark .
Airey Neave ( b Knightsbridge ) took part in the Battle of France .
Elliot See is died in St . Louis .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas .
Aarhus Airport , operated by Aktieselkab , has a runway length of 2776 .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at , Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , which is in India .
The AIDAstella ship is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and was put in service on March 17 , 2013 .
Chameleon Circuit member and Synthpop musician Alex Day began performing in 2006 and is associated with artist Charlie McDonnell .
The asteroid 110 Lydia has a temperature of 168 . 0 kelvins .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700 , a 0 escape velocity and its epoch date was on July 14th 2004 . It has a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) .
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa records for RCA Records . He plays Candombe music and was born in Montevideo .
The ISSN number " 0002 - 9327 " is for American Journal of Mathematics .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore containing sesame oil and can be found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm .
Alan Bean , a US National , was born in Wheeler , Texas on 15 March 1932 . He became a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member on Apollo 12 .
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of greece where the currency is the Euro and the capital city is Athens . The country is the location of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose hub airport is Turkmenbashi International Airport .
Akeem Ayers birth place is Raleigh , North Carolina .
At 84 metres above sea level , and with a runway length of 3684 . 0 , Al Taqaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah and serves the city of Fallujah .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a Member of the House of Representatives . His Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
Alex Plante was born in Canada .
Felipe Gonzalez ' s predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis .
The Houston Texans are based in Houston , Texas and was the former team of Akeem Dent .
Pork belly is one of the ingredients of the dish Bandeja paisa . This is a traditional dish from the Paisa region and is part of Colombian cuisine .
Abel Caballero , was in office while Felipe González was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch . Juan Carlos I of Spain ' s predecessor was Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Available in hardcover , A Long Long Way is 292 pages in length .
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music , the stylistics of which , originated from folk music .
Baked Alaska ( from the U . S . ) is a dessert . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert .
The University of Texas , Austin , will compete in the Big 12 Conference .
Ben Urich was created by the comic book writer Roger McKenzie .
Akeem Priestley , who played for Sheikh Russel KC , is in the Jacksonville Dolphins youth club and plays for Harbour View FC .
Previous champions of Serie A have been Juventus FC . A S Roma also play in Serie A and their home ground is in Rome and their full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A .
Afonso Pena International Airport servers curitiba , part of the Parane state in South Region of Brazil .
Noodles are an ingredient in batchoy .
The Alhambra , which had wrecked , was built by the Samuda Brothers . It was 63800 . 0 millimetres long has a ship beam of 8 . 3m . It had a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h .
The birthplace of Aleksandra Kovac is Belgrade .
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on " 1980 - 04 - 23 " .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny whose home territory is in Grozny . That club is managed by Rashid Rakhimov . Mr . Prudnikov also plays for the Rubin Kazan FC .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is led by Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . The capital of the country is Athens and the currency used is the euro .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago where the leader is Rahm Emanuel . Chicago is part of Illinois , United States where the capital is Springfield .
Alfred N . Phillip , who retired on 3 January 1939 , was a member of the US Army which fought in the Korean war .
American Abraham A . Ribicoff was married to Ruth Ribicoff and he died in New York City . One of the country ' s ethnic groups is Native Americans .
Greenville , Wisconsin , a part of Ellington and the town of Menasha , is home to the Appleton International Airport . The city of Appleton , Wisconsin , is served by the Appleton International Airport .
Baymax a character in Big Hero 6 was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and by Steve T . Seagle . Maya Rudolph was one of the stars in the film version of Big Hero 6 .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz music player under the record labels Floating World Records and Static Caravan Recordings .
Faversham was the birthplace of Adam Holloway .
Arianespace owned , ELA - 3 , operated by the Courcouronnes , France , Guiana Space Centre , is the launch pad for the Ariane .
The Royal Artillery has a garrison at Hohne .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician who was once signed to Deram Records , and is now signed with the record label Stanyan Records .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , in the state of Karnataka in India . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and its president is B . M . Reddy . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
American Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . and died in California . In 1957 he graduated from NWC with an MA .
Alan Frew performs alternative rock music which has a subgenre known as Christian alternative rock .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettsysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It is categorized as a contributing property . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Cumberland County ( Pa ) to its south ; Carroll County ( Maryland ) to its southeast and Franklin County ( Pa ) to its west .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was from the United States ( a country where Native Americans are an ethnic group ) and born in Connecticut . He was married to Casey Ribicoff and died in the United States .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar , was a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow , which play at the Otkrytiye Arena .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT and one of the ingredients is tomatoes .
The Alhambra had the length of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
Alison O ' Donnell plays Irish folk music and has been a member of the Flibbertigibbet Band and United Bible Studies . She began her career in 1963 and is signed to Static Caravan Recordings .
Abradab is a solo singer and hip hop musician . Hip hop has origins in jazz and Disco , and Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , Denmark . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region and the country is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen . Greenlandic is spoken in that country .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets in Columbus , Ohio .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and was the Governor of Connecticut before being succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze .
The capital of Illinois is Springfield .
Solo singer , Albennie Jones , performs in the rhythm and blues genre , from which disco derives .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut , United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone and manufactured by Abarth , which was founded by Carlo Abarth . The Abarth foundation was founded in Italy .
Accademia di Architettura in Switzerland has 100 academic staff . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Aaron S . Daggett battled in the Battle of Cold Harbour which took place during the American Civil War . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia , Spain . It contains bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
Adam Holloway fought in the Gulf War ; where Colin Powell was a commander .
Coming from the United Kingdom , the Bacon Sandwich ( which has ketchup as an ingredient ) , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Tirstrup is part of Denmark .
Arrabbiata is a sauce from Italy , where the capital is Rome , the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Italian is the language spoken .
William Anders was born Oct 17th in British Hong Kong . He was crew member on Apollo 8 in 1963 . He retired .
The Atlantic City International Airport is 75 feet above sea level .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in Atlantic County , New Jersey , in the United States . The capital of the United States is Washington DC .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from . Chinese Filipino and the llocano are ethnic groups there and both Philippine English and Arabic are spoken .
Eric Flint the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was born in Burbank , California .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
The Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines .
Agra Airport is in Utter Pradesh , Bundelkhand , whose leader is Ram Naik .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km and takes 5 . 57 days to orbit . This asteroid ' s apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 kilometres , and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 kilometres per second . It has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . , which is in Peoria , Illinois . The Caterpillar Inc . engine is the power type of the AIDAluna , which is owned by AIDA Cruises .
Born on the 01 - 07 - 1976 , Ahmad Kadhim Assad , whose club is Al - Naft , plays for the Syrian club Al Jaish SC .
Anaheim . Orange County in California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area within the United States . Anaheim is led by the California State Assembly .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) play in the Hoofdklasse league and their ground has the capacity for 5000 fans .
Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum and is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
Am . J . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics which has the EISSN number 1080 .
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville , which was part of the American Civil War conflict .
English is the main language spoken in the United States which includes Akron , Ohio and also the ethnic group of African Americans .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology obtaining a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov in Finland with a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
Atlantic City is in Atlantic County , New Jersey in the United States . The country ' s capital is Washington , D . C .
Ayam penyet comes from Singapore and Java . English is spoken in Singapore . Baduy are an ethnic group living in Java .
Anthony J . Celebrezze succeeded US born Abraham A . Ribicoff as Governor of Connecticut .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 103 Hera , was from Canada and attended the University of Michigan . He later died of peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
AZAL PFK , in the Azerbaijan Premier League , play their home games at the AZAL Arena .
Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands , where Mark Rutte is a leader .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh ( leader Ram Naik ) and operated by the Airports Authority of India . Uttar Pradesh state is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is a hardcover that is 512 pages long . It was written by Virginia DeMarce and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The American Atlas II which is 3 . 04 m in diameter , was last launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on March 16th , 1998 .
Alessio Romagnoli is part of the A . S . Roma Serie A team .
Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer and performs Candombe . He was signed to RCA Records and he is associated with Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Perez .
Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q , is published by SAGE Publications . Their ISSN number is 0001 - 8392 and the LLCN number is 57059226 .
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore , where English is one of the languages and a popular dish is Beef kway teow . This dish is popular nationwide and also in Indonesia .
Hip hop music is Allen Forrest ' s music genre . The origin of that type of music is disco . Drum and bass gets its sounds from Hip Hop music .
The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia , Alba , Romania , is Breaz Valer Daniel . The latin name of the University is " Universitas Apulensis " and it is known by the nickname Uab .
Ace Wilder is a solo singer whose musical genre is Hip hop . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which originated from funk music .
Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music . He was with Alligator Records from Chicago . He was also with Shanachie Records label .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway named 18R / 36L . The runway length is 2900 . 0 .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in the U . S . state of Georgia . Atlanta is the largest city of Fulton County .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 3 , 300 . The airport is 3 . 3528 below sea level .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany , but resides in the Netherlands . She was a member of the house of representatives and her alma mater is the Radboud University , Nijmegen .
The Mason School of Business in the US are currently tenants of the Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co . which manufactures a model called the Accord that is related to the Axura TLX .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom which is the country where AIDS journal is from .
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket , which was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Kempe Gowda was the founder of the city of Bangalore where the Acharya Institute of Technology is located . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and one of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which has the International Tennis Federation as its governing body .
Sergey Naryshkin is a key person at Sovcomflot .
Anders Osborne who is signed to the Rabadash Records label , performs Blues music .
Aleksandr Chumakov played for the club FC Torpedo Moscow , which was part of the Russian Premier League in the 2014 - 15 season .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama is President .
Bandeja paisa is a regional dish containing lemons from the Antioquia Department in Colombia .
Italian born Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italian national under 16 football team and is a member of the A . C . Milan club .
Andrew Rayel is a trance musician , which has its stylistic origins in pop music . He is associated with the following musicians : Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Johnny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Akeem Dent , who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons , previously played with the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston and owned by Bob McNair .
Rock music has its stylistic origins in the Blues .
103 Colmore Row , designed by John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) is located in Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . It ' s architectural style is Brutalist .
1036 Ganymed has an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 km and a temperature of 160 kelvins .
Argentinian national Alberto Teisaire passed in Buenos Aires . Spanish speaking Argentina is led by Gabriela Michetti .
Akeem Ayers made his debut with the Tennessee Titans and has also played with the Los Angeles Rams . They are based in LA at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and are coached by Jeff Fisher .
The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places of Asser Levy Public Baths is 80002709 .
The genre of the band , Suburban Legends , is Ska .
Alfredo Zitarrosa , a soloist , recorded with RCA Records and is associated with musicians , Hilario Perez and Hector Numa Moraes .
Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia .
South East Asia was a location for World War II .
Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy are tenants of Sportpark De Toekomst . the home ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) . The ground is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax NV .
The main ingredients of Colombian dish Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The dish originates from the Paisa region .
Homer Elihu Royce was the successor to Alvah Sabin , who was born in Georgia , Vermont . Alvah Sabin worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois .
The Liberal Democrats lead Birmingham , home town of architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Alan Bean ( born on March 15 , 1932 ) graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . Alan Bean who was chosen by NASA in 1963 is an American born in Wheeler , Texas .
Ab Klink is from the Netherlands , whose currency is the Euro .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and it ' s average speed is 18 . 29 kilometres per second . The celestial body has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres .
Al Anderson is a singer for the rock band NRBQ . Rock originated in country music and also forms part of the fusion genre that is Bhangra .
Alan Frew is from Canada , a country where the French language is spoken . His genre is Rock music . Bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus , Denmark .
Albany is found in the US state of Georgia . The US is home to an ethnic group called Asian Americans and the leader of the country has the title of President .
In Spain they speak Spanish . The leader of the country is Felipe VI and the leader of the Andalusia region is Susana Diaz . This region is where Ajoblanco is from .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Candombe musician with a background as a solo singer . He was signed with RCA Records and is associated with Hilario Perez and Ciro Perez .
Aaron Turner falls in the genre of avant - garde metal music and played with the band Twilight .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Perón was president .
The sport Tennis has a Governing Body called the International Tennis Federation .
Bakewell Tart is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region , it includes shortcrust pastry and is a variant of the Bakewell Tart . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales .
Aaron Hunter played for SV Werder Bremen II .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan , the leader of the country is Mamnoon Hussain .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association , which has its headquarters in Brussels . Aarhus has a magistrate government .
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin . Greenville is part of Grand Chute , WI and Dale , Wisconsin , USA .
101 Helena was discovered James Craig Watson , a Canadian who studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin . Its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a luxury vehicle .
The ALVX - 1 comes from the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and where the anthem is the Star Spangled Banner .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . He wrote Oliver Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance .
Anderson is part of Adams Township in Madison County , Indiana in the United States . It has a total area of 107 . 43 sq km and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print and has an OCLC number of 78771100 .
Arem - arem is a Javanese dish and uses the ingredient banana leaf .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is the sequel to 1634 : The Ram Rebellion written by Eric Flint and influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
New Zealand ' s Ardmore airport has the runway name 03L / 21R . It also has a third runway surface type which is Poaceae .
Alfred Garth Jones is from the UK .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is from Argentina , the leader of which , is Gabriela Michetti . Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina where those living in the country are called Argentines .
A Long Long way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Press . Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press . White people are an ethnic group in Ireland .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino . It has 600 students and 100 staff .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel which has its office at Bethesda Maryland .
Sadique Abubakar is a commander in the Nigerian Air Force , which Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of .
Written by Virginia DeMarce , 1634 : The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and is available as an E - Book .
The A - Rosa was completed on April 6 , 2005 .
William Anders was a US National born in British Hong Kong in 1933 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where he crewed Apollo 8 as a Fighter pilot . He retired in 1969 .
Alan Frew , from French speaking Canada , is a performer of rock music a fusion of which is bhangra music .
Abilene is part of Texas , where the largest city is Houston . Texas , where Spanish is spoken , is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC .
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak .
Bhajji originates from the region of Karnataka in India . Bhajji is made from Gram flour and vegetables .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Second Battle of Rappahannock Station .
Albany , Georgia lies 62 . 0 metres above sea level and has a population density of 535 people for each of the 144 . 7 sq km it covers .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and its main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . The sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and a leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah .
Alksander Chumakov , who plays for the Soviet Union national football team , was born in Moscow in 1948 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print with the ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and is 320 pages long .
A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order poales .
In the United Kingdom , Elizabeth II is the leader ( Queen ) and English is the spoken language . The Aids journal is also from the UK and was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
The Atlas II comes from the US where Americans live and where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , are located in Pacific Grove , California and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
AFC Blackpool , who ' s leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ) is located in Blackpool and has had Stuart Parker as their manager , now attached to Irlam Town Football Club .
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 , which is available in hardcover .
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asuncion . Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay , a country where the Spanish language is spoken and where the ethnic Group is called Mestizo .
The AMC Matador is assembled by the Australian Motor Industry .
Adonis Georgiadis was in office under the Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , who was succeeded by Konstantionos Mitsotakis . The deputy to Antonis Samaras was Evangelos Venizelos .
Anaheim , California is situated at 48 . 0 above sea level .
The title of the leader of Romania is " Prime Minister " .
1001 Gaussia ' s epoch date is 27 June 2015 and has a rotation period of 33012 . 0 .
Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music .
Ab Klink worked in the Senate for the Netherlands .
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy . Tomatoes , guanciale , pecorino romano cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is in Dnipropetrovsk .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured at the ESA and Arinanespace . It was launched at the ELA - 3 launchpad , with the first voyage taking place on August 11 , 2005 . Its final flight was on the 18th of December 2009 .
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City .
Alpharetta , is in the state of Georgia , in the United States .
Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico , United States , where English is the language . Albuquerque is led by the New Mexico house of representatives .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started performing in 1995 . Progressive metal music is his genre . He is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band having previously played with the band Twilight .
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India , where Gujarat is led by Anandiben Patel .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in the United States and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
The leader in Buenos Aires is Diego Santilli .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom where we call the natives British people .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore , where the currency is the Singapore dollar , and the leader is Tony Tan .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan . The runway name is 18L / 36R and has a length of 3310 . 0 .
Athens is in Greece and is served by Athens International Airport . The country is led by Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis .
Adam Koc , who was born in Suwałki , was a commander and fought in the Polish – Soviet War .
Abradab , who is associated with rapper , Magik , started performing in 1994 . Coming from Katowice , Abradab is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 .
The Ethiopian Birr is the currency of Ethiopia while The Addis Ababa City Hall is also located in Ethiopia .
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 ( operated by NASA ) and as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 . His time in space is 8820 . 0 minutes . Frank Borman was also a crew member of Apollo 8 .
1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA ; 1927 WB .
Al Anderson ' s genre is rock music . The genre originated from country music , a genre in which the banjo is an instrument . Bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
Cooking plantain is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , which is part of Colombian cuisine and is found in the Antioquia Department .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town . The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups within the country is Asian South Africans .
The Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 was the launch site of the Minotaur IV rocket and the Antares . This latter rocket is similar to the Delta II from the United States .
Albert Jennings Fountain , who was born in New York City , worked as President pro tempore of the Texas Senate and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . A severed Wasp originates from the United States where there is an ethnic group called Native Americans .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
Tappara is the former team of Aleksander Barkov , Jr .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is located at St Vincent - St Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , United States .
Singing is Ace Wilder ' s occupation .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and plays for the Austria national football team .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint , is preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
Andra , is a solo singer , who performs rhythm and blues music .
the Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . It is located in the Belgaum , Karnataka , which is northeast of Telangana , and west of the Arabian Sea .
Bananaman was broadcasted by STV , starring Graeme Garden it first aired on 3rd October 1983 .
Washington D . C . ( United States ) is the origin of Ahmet Ertegun , whose genre is Rock and roll .
A Glastonbury Romance which was preceded by Wolf Solent , was written by John Cowper Powys .
Beef is an ingredient of Batchoy which comes from the Philippines .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta , Georgia on Sept 27 , 1987 and played for the Houston Texans .
The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The Audi A1 supermini , assembled at Audi Brussels , has a 1 . 2 liter , front engine , front - wheel drive layout .
Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War .
Alan Frew comes from Newmarket , Ontario .
The Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party in Gubbio .
British Hong Kong born William Anders was a fighter pilot on Apollo 8 .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States of American which has the capital city of Washington DC . and the largest city is New York City . The country is also the location of Atlantic City , part of New Jersey .
Ajoblanco is from Spain where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader . In this country , where the currency is the euro , the Spaniards are the ethnic group and the language is Spanish .
Six hundred students attend the Accademia di Architettura di Mendriso .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas and is from the United States . He earned a BSc from the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 . He was a test pilot and a member of Apollo 12 , which is operated by NASA .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and has a background as a solo singer . He played Milonga and was signed to the RCA Records label .
107 Camilla was discovered on 17 November 1868 .
Alan Martin played for Accrington Stanley FC , whose ground can be found in Accrington .
Marietta , Ohio was the birthplace of Agnes Ward White who was the spouse of Albert B . White . The successor to Albert B . White was William M . O . Dawson , who , was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party ( in the United States ) , one of the members is Alvah Sabin .
AIP Adv . is the abbreviation of AIP Advances which has impact factor 1 . 524 and a CODEN code of " AAIDBI " .
The book " A Severed Wasp " is available in print with the OCLC number of 8805735 , and ISBN number of 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
The footballer Abner plays for Coritiba Football Club and CD FAS . He also plays for Real Madrid Castilla , where Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager .
Aenir written by Garth Nix is available in paperback with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Albuquerque , New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate , where John Sánchez is one of the leaders .
French dish Baked Alaska is also enjoyed in Chinese speaking Hong Kong . The dish originated in France , now led by Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher .
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač began her career in 1990 and is associated with artists Kornelije Kovač and Kristina Kovač .
The City Manager leads Austin , Texas , which is found in the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Bionico are served as a dessert course . The latter dish is found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Akeem Ayers used to play for the St . Louis Rams .
With his birthdate on Feb 24 , 1989 , Aleksandr Prudnikov , is 185 cm tall . His club is the FC Spartak Moscow and plays for the KC Kuban Krasnodar .
1089 Tama , formerly A894 VA ; A904 VD has a 288749000000 . 0 periapsis and 373513000 . 0 km apoapis . The epoch date is November 26 , 2005 .
The Acura TLX is made by Honda and has a Honda K engine .
Abraham A . Ribicoff is a US national and was born in the United States where the native Americans are an ethnic group .
The AMC Ambassador and AMC Matador are relative means of transportation . The latter is available in a 1974 model and was assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
The successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , who has Stephen Yong Kuet Tze for a deputy . Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
108 St . Georges Terrace is located in Perth .
Barny cakes have 18 . 0g of carbohydrates and were invented in 1999 .
Alan Frew if from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , ( established 1928 ) is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The architect of Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan is Tadao Ando .
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District .
Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan , is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan . The leader of Pakistan is Nawaz Sharif .
Alaa Abdul Zahra , whose club is Sanat Mes Kerman FC , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC who have their ground at Al Khor and are managed by Amar Osim .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Karnataka , Bangalore - 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
One of the products of BCC is BCC radio .
The Atlas II is from the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C . Americans live in the U . S . as do many ethnic groups , one being Asian Americans .
Ace Wilder , an exponent of Hip hop music , has a background as a solo singer . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
Anaheim in California has the area codes of 657 and 714 . It has an area of 131 . 6 sq . km . and 336265 people live there . It has a UTC offset of - 7 .
Bacon Sandwich is from United Kingdom . This sandwich ingredient is Brown sauce and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine , a hardtop and a wheelbase of 120 . 0 inches . It was manufactured by Dodge .
Halimah Yacob is the leader in Singapore where English is spoken and the dish Ayam penyet is from . It is also from Java , a country where one of the ethnic groups are the Baduy .
Narendra Modi leads India .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is December 31st , 2006 . The orbital period of 1101 Clematis is 183 , 309 , 000 , its periapsis of 445 , 895 , 000 , 000 and it has an apoapsis of 520 , 906 , 000 kilometres .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the UK . The language of the country is English and the previous leader of the Britsh people was David Cameron .
Mayor led Albuquerque , New Mexico is located with in the ( Barack Obama led ) , English speaking United States . The U . S . is home to the Native Americans .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aaarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . Aarhus has Mols to its northeast . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The AMC Matador model was manufactured during 1971 .
Amdavad ni Gufa , designed by the architect B V Doshi , was completed in 1995 in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Bibbo Bibbowski is the full name of Bo Bibbowski created by Marv Wolfman and the American , Jerry Ordway .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club which is managed by , Gadzhi Gadzhiyev . Aleksandr Prudnikov also plays for FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which is located in Grozny .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 operated by Arianespace . It is located at the Guiana Space Centre who have their headquarters in Kourou , French Guiana .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the Italian language is spoken .
Starting his career on 30th June 1953 , Airey Neave , was involved in the Battle of France and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
3XN firm designed the Bella Center owned AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen with its 23 floors and 814 rooms and has the tenant Marriott International .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Botta . It has 100 academic staff . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Akron , Summit County , Ohio in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The total number of ALCO RS - 3 made is 1418 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , in Pennsylvania .
The footballer Alan Martin played for Hamilton Academicals FC , located in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire .
Christian Panucci plays for Genoa C . F . C . and the Italian national team , he also manages A . S . Livorno .
Auburn , Alabama is located at 214 . 0 above sea level .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( which is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has a LCCN number of 60040714 .
The bacon sandwich , which is from the United Kingdom , has the ingredients bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . The bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin and is a variation of a BLT .
Finland based Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov . Sauli Niinistö and Juha Sipila are leaders of Finland .
Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York .
Canada , where the anthem is " O Canada " and one of the languages is Slavey , is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin , which is led by Dáil Éireann .
Neptun Werft is located in Rostock .
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area and contains bacon .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais .
A T Charlie Johnson is a United States national .
Pennsylvania ' s Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 . The school ' s president is B . M . Reddy and it has 700 post graduate students . The institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The title of the leader in Auburn , Washington is the Mayor .
The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruise which is located in Rostock .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken .
The Acharya Institute of Technology has its campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Atlas 11 comes from the United States where Americans live .
The Samuda Brothers built the Alhambra which has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type from Deptford .
St Vincent - St Mary High School , located in the state of Ohio , is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . It is the current tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark where one of the languages used is German .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , NY and Saranac Lake , NY , which is part of Harrietstown , New York , United States .
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3453 . 0 .
Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is Uruguay ' s leader .
The United States has its capital as Washington , D . C . , is home to Americans and Native Americans and is the origin of the ALV X - 1 .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and went to the University of Santiago de Compostela .
The two door Abarth 1000 GT Coupe , with a straight four engine , has a 2160 millimeter wheelbase .
Paulo Sousa is a member of the Portugal National Football Team .
Alan Bean was chosen by NASA in 1963 .
The United States include the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is the location of Austin , Texas .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a 4 - stroke engine .
AFC Ajax N . V . own Sportpark De Toekomst where Jong Ajax is the tenant . It is the ground of AFC Ajaz ( amateurs ) .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , parented by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer . The UK speaks English and the previous Prime Minister was David Cameron .
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , which is led by the President . Also in the U . S . , is Angola which is part of the state of Indiana .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Spain at Alcobendas where the leader party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
They started to build Alan B Miller Hall on 30 March , 2007 .
Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana is situated within the United States .
Abilene in Texas has a total area of 286 . 5 SqK .
Aaron Deer is a pianist who performs Indie rock music and is signed to Kill Rock Stars , located in Portland , Oregon . Indie rock originates from Garage music .
English is the language of the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The US is home to Albany , which is part of Dougherty County , Georgia .
The ALV X - 1 rocket had 1 failed launch .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F . C . which is at the Palo Seco Velodrome . He also played for Central F . C . Mr . Adams died in Budapest , Hungary .
Adam McQuaid was born on Prince Edward Island in 1986 .
Saranac Lake and Harrietsown , are parts of New York which is located in the United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Saranac Lake and Lake Plaid , N . Y .
Bionico is a dessert which contains raisins .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Colombia . The main ingredients of the dish are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
The character Baymax is voiced by Scott Adsit .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The runway named 14L / 32R is 3500 long . The Airport is operated by ENAIRE .
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi and plays rhythm and blues music . That music genre originated from blues music and disco was derived from rhythm and blues .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and performs in the rhythm and blues genre . Rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music , has disco as a derivative .
Aaron S . Daggett , fought in the American Civil War , and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo funk singer who became active in 1990 and has associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV and for SV Werder Bremen II , which was managed by Alexander Nouri .
Singer soloist Alan Frew is from Canada .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo where the leader is the politician Daniel Martínez .
The people from Greece are called Greeks .
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin .
The UTC offset for Antioch , California is - 8 .
Hip hop music ' s stylistic origin is Jazz .
The OCLC number for A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317 and the ISNN is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Alan Bean is a US national who was a member of the Apollo 12 crew ( operated by NASA ) . The back up pilot was Alfred Worden and the commander was David Scott .
66063 1998 RO1 has a periapsis of 41498400000 .
John Aman is also known as Amazing - Man in the comics genre .
Andrew Rayel is associated with a number of musical artists , these include : , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi and Armin Van Buuren , who performs house music .
1101 Clematis has a temperature of 155 kelvins .
San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds , Chinatown , San Francisco , and the significant building of Asilomar State Beach .
lpena County Regional Airport is 210m above sea level , its first runway is 9001 feet long .
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 1411 . The airport ' s third runway surface type is Poaceae .
Arlington in the United States is part of Tarrant County in Texas where the largest city is Fort Worth .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois where Susana Mendoza is a leader .
The Afonso Pena International Airport ' s runway name is " 15 / 33 " .
Abradab was born in Poland where Kashubians are an ethnic group .
The Flemish Government has jurisdiction of the Flemish region .
Agnes Kant resides in The Netherlands .
Bakewell tart , is a variation of Bakewell pudding which originates in the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . One of the ingredients in the dish is shortcrust pastry .
Alfons Gorbach , who was born in Imst , was in office while Adolf Scharf was President .
Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland .
The American Locomotice company manufactured the ALCO RS - 3 . It is a 12 cylinder , fourt sroke engine and was made between May 1950 and August 1956 .
Andrew Rayel has worked musically with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Armin van Buuren .
Taro is a main ingredient in Binignit .
Alpharetta is part Fulton County in the state of Georgia in the United States . Atlanta is the biggest city in Fulton County .
The ALCO RS - 3 , which has a V12 engine , was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the American Locomotive Company .
" Adisham Hall is located in Haputale which is in Sri Lanka and the capital of Sri Lanka is Sri JayawRdenepura Kotte and Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka . Sri Lanka ' s currency is the Ski Lankan rupee . " .
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka and has 476 beds .
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Federal Assembly is the national legislature . The country is the home of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont . He represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and his career ended on March 3rd 1857 .
The Atlas II was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . It is 3 . 04m in diameter , had is last flight 03 / 16 / 1998 and originated in the United States .
Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s record label is RCA Records , his background includes solo singing and his musical genre is Milonga .
Born in Miri , Malaysia , Abdul Taib Mahmud , was succeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works and owned by the Flemish Region . It is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , in the United States , is a Contributing Property established in 2000 .
Universal Music Group owns Philips Records .
Austin , the capital of Texas , is found in the United States . Two Texan tidbits are that Spanish is widely spoken and a major airport is the Andrews County .
Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin , B . S . 1955 and was a crew member of Apollo 12 before retiring on June 1981 .
The address of Adisham Hall is , St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka .
The AMC Matador , produced in 1971 , was made in Thames in New Zealand .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is from Brazil .
Alberto Teisaire ' s date of birth is 05 - 20 - 1891 .
Alan Shepard ' s time in space is 13017 minutes , he was on the crew of Apollo 14 and his birth place was New Hampshire .
Alexsandra Kovac is musically involved with Kristina Kovac and plays pop music whose fusion is the disco .
American William Anders was a test pilot who became a member of the Apollo 8 crew when NASA picked him in 1963 . He was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish popular in Malasia ; the dish originates from the Java region , where the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
Aleksandra Kovac , a solo singer who began her career in funk in 1990 , is associated with Kristina Kovac and in the same band as Kornelije Kovac .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey .
The epoch date of 109 Felicitas is 31 December 2006 .
Built by General Dynamics Electric Boat Co . , the American submarine , NR - 1 , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . It is 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) long and has a 3 . 8m ship beam .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport has an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level and is in Paracuellos de Jarama , in Spain .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States . A country where the leader is known as President of the United States . Barack Obama is the President in this English speaking country where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans .
Anaheim , part of California , is led by the United States House of Representatives located in Washington DC .
William Anders received a M . S . from his Alma Mater , AFIT in 1962 after being a fighter pilot on Apollo 8 . Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on the mission with Frank Borman as a crewman . William retired on Sept 1st 1969 .
Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County , Georgia .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and died in his native land . He was married to Casey Ribicoff and African Americans are among the ethnic groups in the country .
31 December 2006 is the epoch of 110 Lydia which has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
Anaheim in the United States lies within the Greater Los Angeles area of California . It is part of Orange County and led by the United States House of Representatives .
The Alhambra has an 8 . 3m ship beam and a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres . Its top speed is 18 . 52 and it is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where they speak Greek and the leader is Alexis Tsipras .
Poaceae ( monocotyledon and Polales ) are flowering plants that are the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Adenan Satem was the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud who was originally from the Kingdom of Sarawak .
The United States Air Force , which fought in the Korean War , operates the Al Asad airbase . Among the USAF attack aircraft are the Lockheed AC - 130 , which also serves as a transport plane , and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon .
Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana is in the country United States .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , a state where one can find the purple finch bird .
Philippine Spanish is spoken in the Philippines . People of Moro ethnicity are from that country . Batchoy comes from the Philippines .
Playing in the Turkish Basketball Super League , Alex Tyus , plays for the club , Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C . which is coached by , Zan Tabak .
Taylor County , Texas is in the US .
The Accedemia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . Mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is Meride . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann and its legislature is the Federal Assembly .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S , where Washington , D . C . is the capital and English is the language spoken . Akron is a part of Summit County , Ohio , United States .
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 12L / 30R .
Albert B . White , born in Cleveland and husband of Agnes Ward White , was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government . It serves the city of Antwerp and is located at 12 metres above sea level .
Ayam penyet is made nationwide , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in Alcobendas , Madrid . The leading party is the People Party ( Spain ) .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport located in Madrid , Spain is elevated 610 meters above sea level .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , a country led by the President . It is the origin of A Wizard of Mars which is published in English , as spoken in Great Britain .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and he died in the U . S . African Americans live in the United States .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States which is , unrelatedly , led by a president .
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
US national William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 , which was operated by NASA . Among other crew members were Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York . It is located 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1219 . 0 .
The East Africa Campaign was part of World War II .
Amarillo is part of both Potter County and Randall County in Texas .
United States has ethnic groups including African Americans .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg can be located by the ISSN number " 0025 - 5858 " and has the abbreviation Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg .
Black pudding is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa .
The United States includes the ethnic group of Native Americans and is the location of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Anders Osborne is signed to Shanachie Records and worked with Tab Benoit . His record label is Alligator Records , which specializes in the blues and is based in Chicago .
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney which is 88 metres above sea level . It ' s first runway is made from Poaceae and has a length of 497 . 0 , it ' s runway name is 08 / 26 .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia , United States . The capital of the United States is Washington DC and African Americans are an ethnic group .
Fylde played in the National League North league of which Barrow AFC are the champions .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 with Frank Borman and retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Austin Fernando is a key leader . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , where the Sri Lankan rupee is used as currency .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , which is made of bronze , is found in Turkey , whose capital is Ankara and whose currency is the Turkish Lira . President of Turkey is the official title of the Turkish leader - his name is Ahmet Davutoglu .
Binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato , the latter of which belongs to flowering plants and the order Solanales .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States therefore is written in english .
Auburn , Lee County , Alabama is in the United States . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C . and some African Americans live there .
The Atlas II is 3 . 04 m in diameter .
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the band NRBQ . Their genre is Rock music .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine and was built by the American Locomotive Company .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and it is categorised as a contributing property .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 . 0 metres above sea level .
Adam Koc , who fought in battles in the Polish - Soviet War , was later awarded the Cross of Valour for Poland and the Virtuti Militari Award .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut was married to Ruth Ribicoff and died in the United States . The U . S . is home to many ethnic groups , including African Americans .
Ace Wilder is a performer of Hip Hop music , which has the sub genre of Gangsta rap . Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music , which has its origins in disco .
Alan Bean was a United States test pilot and member of Apollo 12 . He was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired .
Alan Frew was born in Scotland .
Asam pedas is an Indonesia dish popular with Joko Widodo .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires which has a current leader called Diego Santilli and a governing body called Buenos Aires City Legislature .
Attica , is in Fountain County , Indiana , in the United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , is made out of red granite and white marble .
Andrew White is an Alternative Rock musician . Alternative rock gives way to fusion style Nu metal and originates from Punk rock .
Al Anderson is in NRBQ band , the genre of which , is Rock music . Rock music originated from country music which has the banjo as one of the instruments . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
Amarillo is in Potter County , Texas , United States . The country ' s capital is Washington , D . C . and English is the language spoken .
The 1st runway of Alderney airport , which serves the city of Alderney , is made of poaceae and is 497 . 0 long .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was made by Abarth which was founded by Carlo Abarth .
AC Cesena , whose ground is located in Italy , are in the Serie B league . Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of Serie B .
Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and The Riverside Art Musuem .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 kilometres per second .
Albennie Jones , a rhythm and blues player , was born in Errata Mississippi and worked with Sammy Price , musician . That genre of music originated from the blues sound . Disco music originated from rhythm and blues sounds .
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom which is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street . The native people are known as British and the currency is the pound sterling .
Adonis Georgiadis was in office under Antonis Samaras , Prime Minister whose deputy is Evangelos Venizelos . Makis Voridis succeeded Adonis Georgiadis .
Alfred Garth Jones is from the UK , where Elizabeth II is the leader . He died in London , where Boris Johnson is a leader .
The Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels , Belgium .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku .
The site of ELA - 3 is at the Guiana Space Centre .
Atlas II ' s final flight was on the 31st August 2004 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice by J . V . Jones was produced in Hardcover and has an ISBN number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
Banana is an ingredient in binignit , a type of dessert . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada , where one of the languages is the Slavey language . O Canada is the national anthem of Canada .
The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment .
The capital of the United States , where A Wizard of Mars was published , is Washington , D . C . English is the language of the U . S , and is spoken in Great Britain too .
The county of fulton georgia is in atlanta and alpharetta belongs to the county .
The surface of the first runway at Alderney Airport is made of poaceae which is part of the monocotyledon class and is a division of flowering plants .
In Auburn , Lee County Alabama U . S . Opelika is the county seat . In the U . S . there is an ethnic group of Asian Americans .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is part of Marriott International . Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and a key member of staff is Bill Marriott .
American national Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , county Essex , New Jersey . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA .
Alan Shepard performed as the Chief of the Astronaut Office .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences and has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . The LCCN number is 60040714 and the CODEN code APGPAC .
The Acura TLX , which is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant , has front - wheel and all - wheel drive , a Honda K engine and is a mid - size class of car .
Alfons Gorbach , who was born in the county of Tyrol was in office while Adolf Scharf was President .
A hardcover publication , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages and was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
The 3Arena is located on North Wall Quay .
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington DC in the United States .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . A . , where Alfred Moore Scales , was from . Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg , which occurred during the American Civil War , where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Akeem Priestley , who played for Antigua GFC , plays for the Orange County Blues FC , which is managed by , Oliver Wyss .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus was established in 1928 and is affiliated with The European University Association whose headquarters are in Brussels .
Published by Viking Press ( parent co : Penguin Random House ) A Long Long Way was written in Ireland , which is predominantly caucasian in ethnicity .
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany and is the operator of the AIDAluna .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 which is located in Italy which is led by Sergio Mattarella in the capital city of Rome .
Airey Neave , who fought in the Battle of France , started his career on 30th June 1953 and ended it on 30th March 1979 .
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin , he plays for the Austria national football team and FK Austria Wien also .
Alfred Jones Garth died in Sidcup in London which is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Atlant is part of both DeKalb County and Fulton County in Georgia , United States .
Irish and English are languages used in the Republic of Ireland by the Irish people . The Republic is led by Enda Kenny and is the location of Adare Manor .
410777 2009 FD , which was discovered by Spacewatch , has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs . The apoapsis is 259776702 . 47055 kilometers and it has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and was originally published in English .
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is located at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio , Summit County , United States .
Manhattan and Brooklyn are located in New York City , U . S . , where the Asser Levy Public Baths are located . Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders of Manhattan .
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and is located in Harrietstown , New York .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans . They speak English , same as in Great Britain .
Born in Vermont where the largest city is Burlington , Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party whose leader was Henry Clay .
Baked Alaska and Sandesh are both desserts .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay . Uruguay uses Uruguayan pesos and is led by Tabare Vazquez . Montevideo is led by Daniel Martinez .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian national whose alma mater was the University of Michigan .
The alma mater of Adam Holloway was Magdalene College in Cambridge .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is part of Bernalillo County in the United States . The president is the leader of the United States .
Rolls Royce Power Systems is the parent co . of MTU Friedrichshafen . The latter is owned by the Rolls - Royce Holdings . The A - Rosa Luna has a MTU Friedrichshafen engine .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ISSN number is " 0236 - 5294 " .
Born on 11th August 1986 in Canada , Aaron Boogaard has played for Wichita Thunder .
The capital of the United State , from where ALV X - 1 hails , is Washington , D . C . and its leader is the President of the United States . The anthem of the U . S . is the Star Spangled Banner and African Americans are among its ethnic groups .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and works as Vice President of the New Democracy .
Born in Lufkin , Texas , Allan Shivers ; served in the Democratic Party in the U . S . , worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) and was succeeded by Price Daniel .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a LCCN number of 60040714 .
Albany , Georgia , is within the United States where English is spoken . Americans live in the U . S . and one ethnic group there are Asian Americans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the U . S . The capital of Texas is Austin and its largest city is Houston . English is spoken in that state .
German national , Walter Baade , discovered 1036 Ganymed and studied at the University of Gottingen .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was published in print and written by Virginia DeMarce . The ISBN number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The AIDAstella has a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
The United States is home to Americans and African Americans , it has a capital of Washington D . C . and the national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner . The ALV X - 1 hails from the US .
Ayam penyet is originates from Singapore and Tony Tan is the country ' s leader . It can also be found in Java where Baduy people are one of the ethnic groups .
Previous Greece Superleague champions AEK Athens FC play their home games at The Olympic Stadium , Athens .
The title of the leader of United States , from where the Atlas II originated , is The President of the United States . The inhabitants of the United States are called Americans and its capital is Washington D . C . . African Americans are among the ethnic groups in the United States .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Sedan body style and a straight - four engine . It is considered a mid - size luxury executive car and its alternative name is the Alfa Romeo 168 .
The ISSN number " 0002 - 9327 " is for American Journal of Mathematics . It is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press and based in the United States .
American Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and is married to Casey Ribicoff . The U . S . has many ethnic groups , including African Americans .
The Battle of Antietam was part of the American Civil War whose commander was Jefferson Davis . Aaron S . Daggett was in the Battle of Antietam .
Alvah Sabin , represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District , and ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Dayton Dutch Lions and he is currently playing for the Jamaican national football team , having previously been with the youth club Connecticut Huskies .
Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BS degree . He was a crewman on the NASA operated Apollo 12 on which Alfred Worden was backup pilot . He has now retired .
Bacon is an ingredient of the Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States .
Garlic is an ingredient of Ajoblanco , a food found in Andalusia .
Alan Bean has retired , having been born in Wheeler , Texas and serving as a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Japan .
The Atlas II , which was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base located in Lompoc , California , originates from the United States . The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C . and one of its ethnic groups is African Americans .
Alessio Romagnoli , born in Italy , used to play for the Italy national under - 19 football team . He now plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria .
The American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to Am . J . Math , is published bi - monthly and its discipline is Math , .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , New York , and also Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) , New York .
Born in Windsor , Connecticut , Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and was once a member of The Wildweeds .
AZAL PFK ( 3500 members ) competed in season 2014 and in The Aerbaijan Premier League . Qrabag FK is the champions of Azerbaijan Premier League Os .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . The state ' s capital is Austin and its inhabitants are called Texans . Spanish is one of the spoken languages in Texas .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is 1 . 55 metres wide .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager . He is a member of the Chesterfield F . C and was previously at Stockport County F . C .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo , was a member of the Nigerian Air Force which uses the Aermacchi MB - 339 as a trainer aircraft . Abubakar served in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President who took over from Oladipo Diya as V . P .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission .
The Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 is operated by the U . S . Air Force .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is a dish from Indonesia and Singapore . The chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal .
Al Anderson of NRBQ plays country music and was a member of The Wildweeds .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde in Rostock . It has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes , a top speed of 24 km / h and is 125800 . 0 mms in length .
Stuart Parker is a footballer who has managed , and now plays for , Blackpool FC . The club ' s ground is in Blackpool which is led by Gordon Marsden .
Aaron Deer , an Indie rock musician , also has a background as a solo singer .
Afonso Pena International Airport has an elevation above the sea level ( in feet ) of 2988 .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets , and he plays for Boston Bruins who are based in Boston and have Don Sweeney as their general manager .
Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . otherwise know as Buzz Aldrin was born in 1930 and graduated in 1963 from MIT . He then went on to become a fighter pilot and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew before he retired .
The city of Angola , Indiana , USA is in Pleasant township , Steuben county .
Arròs negre is a dish from Spain where they speak Spanish and the people are called Spaniards . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines ( Turkmenabat airport is their hub ) , the headquarters of which are located Turkmenistan .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in Connecticut .
Attica is located in Fountain County , Indiana , United States .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School located in Akron , Ohio , United States .
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States .
The capital of the UK is London ; this is where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
The celestial body , 11264 Claudiomaccone , has a rotation period of 11473 . 9 and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 km .
Alan Bean was on the crew of the NASA operated Apollo 12 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the Native Americans and the country is the location of Auburn , Washington .
Abel Caballero is a national of Spain .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Michele Marcolini is a member of the A . C . Lumezzane club .
The 1st runway length in feet of Adirondack Regional Airport is 6573 .
1 . FC Magdeburg has 27250 members .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone and made by the Abarth Co in Italy .
Bionico contains raisins .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and worked in the Ministry of Health before being succeeded by Makis Voridis .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and his residence is Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Asajaya .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , which can be found as an e book , was written by Eric Flint and Virginia DeMarce and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow and Aleksandr Prudnikov played for their youth theam . He also plays for both FC Alania Vladikavkaz and FC Terek Grozny ( where the manager is Rashid Rakhimov ) .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and died in Alexandria , Virginia after being a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
The ISBN number of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel . He also plays for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Babelsberg 03 , and his club is Berliner AK 07 .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Orbital ATK and is 3 . 9 metres in diameter . It was launched from he Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , making its maiden flight on 28 October 2014 and the final flight on 13 July 2014 .
The ALV X - 1 came from the United States , a country where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Auburn is part of Pierce County , Washington in the United States . Seattle is the largest city of Washington state while Washington D . C . is the capital city of the country .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 2744 metres long .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra has played for the club Shabab Al - Ordon which is in the Jordan Premier League . He has also played for Al Khor based side Al Kharaitiyat , which is managed by Amar Osim .
The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , a country with leader Mulatu Teshome .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , that is based in United States , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
December 31st , 2006 is the epoch of 110 Lydia . It mass is 6 . 7 kilograms , it has an orbital period of 142603000 and its apoapsis is 440756000 kilometres .
The city of Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay in California . Spanish is spoken in that state . Antioch is led by the United States House of Representatives .
A dish popular in the Derbyshire dales is bakewell tart which has the key ingredient of shortcrust pastry , a variant of this dish is bakewell pudding .
William Anders , from the United States was born in British Hong Kong and selected as a fighter pilot by NASA in 1963 .
The Alhambra was 63800 . 0 mms in length and had a Geared steam engine Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes 140hp .
United States House of Representatives is part of United States Congress and leads Anaheim , California .
Acura is a division of Honda which makes the Acura TLX which has an inline four engine .
The Addiction journal has an ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 .
Al - Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . The leader of the country is Haider al - Abadi and the Kurdish language is spoken .
Ajoblanco originates in Andalusia , where the leader is Susana Diaz . It is a dish from Spain , which is home to Spaniards and where the Spanish language is spoken .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , graduated from AFIT in 1962 , and joined NASA in 1963 .
Bolt is a comic character otherwise know as Larry Bolatinsky . He was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon ( national of Puerto Rico ) .
Andrews County Airport is located in the city of Andrews , Texas . The runway is 8m long and is 973m above sea level . The airport is known as 2 / 20 .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University ' s latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " . It ' s nickname is Uab and is located in Alba lulia , Alba .
AEK Athens F . C . play in the Superleague Greece and they played the 2014 - 2015 season . Their ground is in Athens , and they have 69618 members .
The asteroid ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 , with an epoch date of 14th July 2004 , has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 , an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
Greek is spoken in Greece .
Affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , the The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 post - graduate students and is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Aleksandra Kovac plays rhythm and blues for the K2 band . He is in a band with Kornelije Kovač .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall and it is located in the United States . The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall ; the chancellor of the college is Robert Gates .
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where A Severed Wasp ( written in English ) is from .
The School of Business and Social Services at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 16 , 000 students and it is affiliated to the European University Association .
Alex Tyus plays for the club Maccabi Ashdod BC , which is part of the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab , Pakistan . Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan .
Almond is classed as a flowering plant and is an ingredient of Ajoblanco .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia , United States .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans where Barack Obama is the leader and where Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written .
Maiden Castle ( preceded by Weymouth Sands ) was written by Shirley , Derbyshire born John Cowper Powys . A Glastonbury Romance was preceded by Wolf Solent and followed by Weymouth Sands .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the Catalonian region of Spain .
Kill Rock Stars is located in Portland , Oregon .
The leader of France is Gérard Larcher .
Hip hop music has its origins in Disco , drum and bass is one of its derivative and Abradab is a famous performer of the style .
Luxury vehicle , the Acura TLX , has a front wheel drive and a V6 engine and is assembled at Marysville Auto Plant .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 1996 . It has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600 . The dean is Mario Botta .
Allan Shivers , who was succeeded by Ben Ramsey , belonged to the Democratic Party in the United States and was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur .
Defender Alessio Romagnoli has played in Serie A with A . S . Roma and he has also played for A . C . Milan , where the manager was Siniša Mihajlović .
The population density of Anderson , Indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and has a total area of 107 . 43 sq . km . It is 268 . 0 above sea level .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
The city of Anderson is part of Indiana , the capital of which is Indianapolis .
Al Anderson , from NRBQ , was born in Windsor , Connecticut , United States .
Ayam penyet is from Singapore whose leader is Halimah Yacob .
The Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors .
Amarillo , is part of both Potter County and Randall County , in Texas , in the United States .
The Alhambra has an 8 . 3m ship beam and the length of 63800 . 0 millimetres . It was built by the Samuda Brothers and had a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and originally published in English .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , U . K . , led by Elizabeth II and with the majority in the Labour Party .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia , in the United States .
The Battle of Chancellorsville was part of the American Civil War conflict in which Alfred Moore Scales fought and Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Antioch is part of California , where English is the language spoken .
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenants of the Addis Ababa city hall .
The largest city in Ireland is Dublin .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which is inhabited by Italians , its capital is Rome and its leader is Sergio Mattarella .
An ingredient of the dish bandeja paisa is avocado which is the genus of persea .
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where beef kway teow is a popular dish .
Franklin D . Roosevelt was the commander in World War II .
The minimum temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is - 71 . 0 deg celsius .
In Texas ; Houston is the largest city , Arlington is part of the state , and English is spoken .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the capital of which is Athens .
There is an ethnic group of Chinese people in Japan .
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport .
Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
Admin . Sci . Q is the abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly which has the LCCN number of 57059226 .
Aaron Turner is originally from Massachusetts and started performing in 1995 . He is a Black metal musician and played for Old Man Gloom and Lotus Eaters .
The first runway surface at Alderney airport is poaceae , which is a member of the Poales order , and in the class Monocotyledon .
Aleksandra Kovač is an artist for the band K2 along with Kornelije Kovač . Her musical genre is rhythm and blues .
Balder , otherwise known as Balder Odinson , was created by Jack Kirby .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and the leader was once Barak Obama . White Americans are one ethnic group of the country .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Monument which is made of red granite and white marble .
William Anders , who graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . , was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Fr . ank Borman .
Discovered by M Gaffey , 107 Camilla , has the epoch 31 December 2006 , and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Pop musician Alison O ' Donnell is signed with both London - based record label Deram Records and Static Caravan Recordings .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Rock musician Aaron Bertram plays with bands , Suburban Legends and Kids Imagine Nation .
Psychedelic folk performer Alison O ' Donnell records for London - based Deram Records and Stanyan Records .
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region , India , which leaders are T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi and the currency is the Indian rupee .
The leader of Greece is Alexis Tsipras .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States where the leader is Susana Mendoza .
Aaron Hunt plays for the German National Under 21 football team .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay area , in California and it is led by the United States House of Representatives . The English language is spoken in this state .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC , whose chairman is Gábor Kubatov .
Alan Frew comes from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada . He is a solo singer and started performing in 1983 .
103 Colmore Row opened in 1973 .
The people of the United States , from where the ALV X - 1 originates , are called Americans . The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C . , its anthem is the Star Spangled Banner and Asian Americans are one of its ethnic groups .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician for the band United Bible Studies and has collaborated with the band The Owl Service .
Aaron deer plays the bass guitar and is a performer of the music genre Indie rock , which has its origins in New wave music .
Virginia is in the United States .
Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary who own the Alan B . Miler Hall in the United States . The current tenants are The Mason School of Business .
Alison O ' Donnell ( a jazz artiste ) is under the recording labels Floating World Records and Deram Records .
The 388 - page " A Severed Wasp " has an ISBN number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
Gregory L . Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin .
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . The dean is Thomas Pallesen and they have 737 academic Staff .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and played for FC Spartak Moscow .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is located in the United States , where Barack Obama is leader .
Abner W Sibal represented Connecticut ' s 4th Congressional District .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff . It is affiliated to the European University Association , which has its HQ in Brussels .
1 Decembrie 1918 University ' s latin name is Universitas Apulensis and is located in Romania .
Al Anderson , from the NRBQ band was a singing member of The Wildweeds . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music which derived from country music .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is one of the countries leaders and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotta is the capital city .
Church of Denmark is the religion of Denmark .
English is the language of the U . S . .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire and a 1957 graduate of NWC , retired on August 1 , 1974 .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was also born in Dallas , Texas .
Adonis Georgiadis . born in Athens , was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s successor , Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , was in office during the Vice Presidency of Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman , while his deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was in office at the same time as John F . Kennedy was president .
The British N . R . Pogson , the discoverer of the asteroid 107 Camilla , was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He made the discovery of the asteroid on March 1st , 2001 .
Baked Alaska comes from the country of France where there are leaders called Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher and French is the language spoken . Baked Alaska can also be found in the the New York region .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan which serves the city of Lahore . The runway , which is 2900 . 0 in length , is named 18L / 36R .
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore .
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte where Agnes Kant is a national . She was a Member of the House of Representatives and is now a member of the Socialist Party .
Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit .
Al Anderson performs rock music and plays the guitar from the NRBQ . He was once a member of The Wildweeds . Rock music originates from blues music and is and element of the fusion genre Bhangra .
Allen Forrest plays acoustic music .
The ship AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and is owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa . It was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
The California State Senate is part of the California State Legislature , and leads Anaheim , California .
The Acura TLX , a mid - size car , has a V6 engine and a front engine design . The Acura TLX assembly line is located at the Marysville Auto Plant .
Alpharettta , Georgia is located in the United States where English is the official language .
Agra airport is operated by the Indian air force and is located in Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Alberto Teisaire is a member of the Justicialist Party and he was in office while Juan Peron was president . He died in Buenos Aires where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta .
Stuart Parker , who once played for Stockport County FC is now the manager of AFC Blackpool . The club has their ground in Blackpool where the council is run by Labour .
Auburn is part of both Pierce county and King county , in Washington , in the United States .
300 North LaSalle is located in the city of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Albany is part of the state of Georgia , United States . Americans are the people occupying the U . S . where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The city of Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama .
Atlantic City International Airport owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority who ' s chief is Stephen Dilts .
Adam Holloway , born in Faversham Kent , England , lives in Gravesend .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( location Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States ) was completed in the year 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property . To the north of Adams County lies Cumberland County , also Pennsylvania and to the southeast lies Carroll County , Maryland .
The United States is led by President Barack Obama along with Paul Ryan , and is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae and is part of the genus Citrus . It is one of the ingredients in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa , which comes from the region of Antioquia Department .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where Barack Obama is President , the capital city is Washington D . C . and African American is one of the ethnic groups .
Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra FC where the footballer Steve Davis is the manager , and also for Hamilton Academical FC who play at New Douglas Park .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover , has the OCLC number of 7877110 and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Spain uses the euro for its currency .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Al Shorta SC .
The full name of AZAL PFK is AZAL Pesokar Futbol Klubu . They competed in the 2014 season and have 3500 members .
The Delta II , which originated in the United States , was made by United Launch Alliance and its launch site was at Vandenberg Air Force Base . The launch site of the rocket Antares , which is comparable with the Delta II , was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States which includes many Asian Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the country .
Aleksandre Guruli , plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and his club is Olympique Lyonnais . Jean - Michel Aulas is the chairman of Olympique Lyonnais which play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
107 Camilla has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and was discovered by C Woods .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka , which is southwest of Telangana and east of the Arabian Sea . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is in the city of Aarhus which has Mols to its northeast .
Alfred Moore Scales , who started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 , part in the Battle of Chancellorsville . Battle of Chancellorsville was part of the American Civil War conflict , during which , Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Ring of Fire II is written in English .
American - born Albennie Jones is a rhythm and blues performer which many decades later gave rise to disco . Among the ethnic groups in the country are African Americans .
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and was published in print and paperback . It has an ISBN number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 an OCLC number of57392246 .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) is academically focused on Paleontology . It ' s ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0567 - 7920 and 60040714 respectively .
Funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues , which originates from blues . Andra is an r & b singer and she is associated with Marius Moga . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established 1907 - 07 - 11 is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland . The monument has been provided by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States .
The periapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is 6155910000000 . 0 and its epoch is on 31 December 2006 .
Al Anderson is a member of rock band NRBQ . Country music , with its banjo , is the origin of rock . Bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Maine .
Anaheim is part of California which is located in the United States of America .
Alan Shepard ' s occupation was a test pilot .
Attica is in Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana in the U . S . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C .
Footballer , Alan Martin , plays for the clubs Hamilton Academical F . C . and Accrington Stanley F . C . Accrington Stanley F . C . play in Accrington .
The singer Andra is a solo singer whose genre is Rhythm and blues .
The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) which was designed by Pietro Canonica is located in Turkey . The country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Ankara . The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid in Spain . It has an elevation of 610 metres above sea level .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol , Austria and died in the city of Graz .
Italian born , Alessio Romagnoli , is connected to UC Sampdoria and played for Italy ' s national under 16 ' s football team .
Almond , which is one of the ingredients of Ajoblanco , is part of the Rosaceae family and also part of the order of Rosids .
The United States uses the English language , includes the ethnic group of African Americans and has Barack Obama as a leader . It is also the location of Angola , part of Steuben county in Indiana .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and is in the Vicenza Calcio club .
Born on August 11 , 1986 in Regina , Saskatchewan , Aaron Boogaard played with the Wichita Thunder club .
Albany in Georgia is located in the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
AIP Advances , abbreviated to AIP Adv . , covers the discipline of physics .
108 St . Georges Terrace , completed in 1988 , is located in Perth , Australia .
Aaron Turner , a musician in the Lotus Eaters band , performs black metal music . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . The Swiss leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The comic character , Bolt , was created by comic book writer Gary Cohn .
A Loyal Character Dancer , published in the United States is written in English . English is the national language of Great Britain .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country that Albennie Jones was born in . Jones performs rhythm and blues music , a style that contributed to the creation of disco .
The area code for Auburn , Alabama is 334 .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , in the country of Iraq where the Kurdish language is spoken .
" Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is from Indonesia and made nationwide as well as in Malaysia and Singapore .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 . He worked as a test pilot and was part of Apollo 14 which was run by NASA . Shepard retired on Aug 1 , 1974 and later died in California .
The Riverside Art Musuem is one of Julia Morgan ' s significant buildings .
Batagor is found in Indonesia , where the leader is Joko Widodo . The dish is a variation of siomay and shumai ( which contains shiitake ) .
In 1962 , William Anders graduated with a M . S . from his alma Mater , AFIT . He became a crew member on Apollo 8 , a NASA operated mission . His commander on Apollo 8 was Frank Borman , and the mission ' s backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin . William Anders retired on the 1st of September , 1969 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monumenet falls under the category of contributing property . It is located at Seminary Ridge in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Alan Shepard , who was hired by NASA in 1959 , was born in New Hampshire and died in California . The U . S . Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , a medal that is ranked higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Al Asad airbase is located in the Al Anbar province in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
Gruppo Bertone , designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe , was founded in Turin , Italy by Giovanni Bertone .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California within the United States . Anaheim , California is part of Orange County , California and English is the official language of the country .
Baked Alaska is from both Hong Kong and France . The leaders of the latter country are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher .
Walter Baade , studied at the University of Gottingen and was the man that discovered 1036 Ganymed . He died in Göttingen and his doctoral students included Allan Sandage .
The Delta II launch site was at Vandenberg Air Force Base .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV which is part of the family Retrovirus .
The league that A . S . Livorno Calcio play in is Serie B .
Alexandria is located in Indiana , part of Madison County , in the United States .
Born in the Netherlands , Ab Klink belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and worked as a Member of the House of Representatives . His alma materis Erasmus University in Rotterdam .
Pickard Chilton designed 300 North LaSalle that was finished in 2009 . It has 60 floors .
Aaron Turner born in Boston , started his musical performing in 1995 . He played for the Black Metal Group , Old Man Gloom ' s Lotus Eaters Band as well .
B . Zellner discovered 107 Camilla , which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , categorized as a Contributing Property , is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg , the Adams County of Pennsylvania .
Rhythm and Blues non performing artist Ahmet Ertegun is from the U . S . R & B comes from blues and is the origin of disco .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in the United States . It is located in Texas , where the largest city is Houston .
Michigan ' s capital is Lansing and one of their major cities is Ann Arbor . This state is in the United States .
Aaron Turner is a singer who performs electroacoustic music .
Tomatoes , of the order Solanales , are found in Arrabiata sauce .
The Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara , Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and Akron Ohio is part of the U . S .
A severed wasp can be found in print .
King County is the location of Auburn , part of Pierce County and King County in Washington . The largest city in the latter county is Seattle and all locations are in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC .
Bakso is a food dish from the country of Indonesia , it contains noodles .
Alaa Abdul Zahra played for the club Duhok SC .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , which is located in the city of Akron , Ohio , ( where the leader is Dan Horrigan ) , in the United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in the US in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property .
The singer called Andra became active in the year 2000 .
The ISSN number of AIDS journal is 1473 - 5571 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , located in Bangalore , offers Tennis as a sport , which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . This Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , and was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , located in Mumbai .
Suburban Legends performs rock music .
Atlanta is located in Georgia ; which is in the U . S .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis and formerly played for Old Man Gloom .
Footballer Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla and Coritiba Football Club .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States . It is an English speaking country and is where Albany , Georgia is located .
A division of Honda is the Acura and Honda manufactures the Honda K engine . The Acura TLX has that type engine in it .
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Alligator Records which is located in Chicago . The record label of blues artist , Anders Osborne , is Shanachie Records .
Iraq leader name is Haider Al - Abadi .
Akeem Ayers , who was born on July 10 , 1989 , formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams . He debuted for the team the Tennessee Titans .
AS Roma play in the Serie A league .
FC Terek Grozny club member , Aleksandr Prydnikov , played for the youth football club , FC Spartak Moscow , at the Otkrytiye Arena .
O Canada is the national anthem of Canada and its leader is Elizabeth II . Adam McQuaid is from this country . There are Asian Canadians who live in Canada .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States and written in English which is also a language spoken in Great Britain . White Americans live in the US where Joe Biden is a leader .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , which is led by Paul Ryan .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia where they speak Amharic .
One variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , in which the tomato is a key ingredient .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States ; where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and it was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It made its first flight on April 21 , 2013 and it ' s last flight on July 13 , 2014 .
Arros negre is found in the Catalonia region of Carles Puigdemont and Felipe VI led , Spanish speaking , Spain .
Duncan Rouleau created Baymax .
Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school was given Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education . While the All India Council for Technical Education is in Mumbai , Visvesvaraya Technological University is in Belgaum and Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast .
Philippine English is the official language of the Philippines ( where batchoy is eaten ) , but the spoken language is Philippine Spanish . The Chinese Filipino and the llocano people are both ethnic groups in the Philippines .
Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Menasha ( town ) , Wisconsin .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport , which is operated by ENAIRE , is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The airport is 610 metres above sea level , has a runway name of 14R / 32L and a length of 3500 .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg , ISSN 0025 - 5858 can be shortened to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft , Rostock , Germany , where the leader is Angela Merkel .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . C . Milan which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors who manufactured the AMC Matador and included Roy D Chapin Jr among its key personnel .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC and previously played for Accrington Stanley FC .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , where the currecncy is Indonesian rupiah and Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 at Colmore Row , Birmingham , England .
Cammell Laird in Argentina made the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) . The capital of Argentina is Buenos Aires .
Adams County in Pennsylvania is located south of Cumberland County . Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwest and Carroll County , Maryland is to the southeast . The County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and graduated from Leiden University .
Aenir which is available in paperback was written by author Garth Nix .
Akeem Ayers formerly played for Los Angeles Rams who play their home matches at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum . He made his debut for the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee and coached by Mike Mularkey .
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia and owned by the College of William and Mary . The current tenant is the US based Mason School of Business .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) is academically focused on Paleontology and has the CODEN code " APGPAC " .
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . Sabin ' s political career began on March 4th 1853 and ended on March 3rd 1857 .
Abel Caballero , born in Ponteareas , was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch .
Albany , Linn County , Oregon is located in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Adare Manor which was begun in 1700 and completed in 1862 was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick .
The American Locomotive Company built ALCO RS - 3 and was founded in Schenectady , New York .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club in the Qatar Stars league .
Akeem Adams played for T & TEC Sports Club and now plays for Ferencvarosi TC .
Adirondack Regional airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown , New York in the USA , and also Lake Placid , New York .
A Severed Wasp is from the U . S . and is written in English . Barack Obama is the leader of the U . S . One ethnic group in the U . S . is Asian Americans .
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and English is spoken . The country ' s politicians include John Roberts and White Americans are one ethnic group there .
Allama Iqbal International airport has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
Binignit is a dessert that comes from Visayas in the Philippines and contains banana and taro .
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , orbital period of 135589000 , periapsis of 279142000000 , apoapsis of 511592000 , and its epoch is on the 13th of January , 2016 .
Albany , Oregon is located at 64 . 008 above sea level .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport and serves the city of Lahore . The Authority ' s location can be found at the Jinnah International Airport . Lahore is locaated in Pakistan whose leader is Mamnoon Hussain .
Dead Man ' s Plack is in England ( capital : London , religion : the Church of England ) and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region of England .
Adam McQuaid , who was born in 1986 , Charlottetown , weighs , 94 . 8024 kilograms .
Appleton International Airport is 1st 8002 runway length .
Doug Moench created the comic character Ballistic .
Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana is in the U . S .
Alberto Teisaire passed away in Buenos Aires , whose leader is Gabriela Michetti .
A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has 1174 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
There are 992 . 6 people per square km in Alpharetta , Georgia and it is located 346 . 0 above sea level . It has a total area of 55 . 4 sq . km .
The Acura TLX has a 2 . 4 litre engine .
The total area of Albany , Oregon is 45 . 97 sq km and the population density is 1104 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
Abel Hernandez , was a member of Penarol ' s youthclub and now belongs to the clubs , Central Español and the Uruguay National football team .
Christian Burns is a pop music singer .
Dick Dillin , from the United States , created the comic book character known as Aurakles ( alternatively called Aurakles ) .
Aurakles was created by Len Wein .
Anderson , is located within Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana ( capital Indianapolis ) , in the United States .
Batagor is a dish best served hot .
The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
Abner W . Sibal worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Buzz Aldrin ( born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) performed as a fighter pilot . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 , operated by NASA . William Anders was a backup pilot on that mission .
The Bacon Explosion is from the United States , where white Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Aleksandr Chumakov , was born in Moscow and died in Russia , where the leader is , Vladimir Putin .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans and one of the languages is Arabic .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the U . S and was a United States national . He was a member of the United States Democratic party and served as the governor of Connecticut before he died in New York city .
The Lockheed AC - 130 and McDonnell Douglas F - 15 U . S . Air Force ) Eagle aircraft fighter , may be found on USAF aircraft carriers . The United States Air Force operates Al Asad air base and fought in the Korean War .
Ardmore airport ( New Zealand ) is located at 34 meters above sea level and operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand . The 3rd runway is made of poaceae and the runway name , which has a length of 518 . 0 , is 03L / 21R .
The dark asteroid 1000 Piazzia has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and a mass of 1 . 1 kg . It ' s orbital period is 488160 . 0 , the periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and it has the escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per sec .
Bionico is served at the dessert course and can be varied by using cottage cheese .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain . Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia and the country ' s leader is Felipe VI .
The Minotaur V was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
The United States contain the ethnic group of Asian Americans , has the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Albany in Oregon .
A Wizard of Mars is published in English , the language that is spoken in Great Britain .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español in the Uruguayan Segunda División . He now plays for U . S . Città di Palermo where Giuseppe Iachini is the manager .
Two door coupe is the body style of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé , whose production started in 1958 .
Pop solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972 , in Yugoslavia . Disco is a fusion originating from pop .
Dave Challinor plays for A . F . C . Fylde .
The mayor is the leader of Antioch , California .
The Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the US is the launch place of the ALV X - 1 rocket which was only sent up once . Its diameter is 1 . 524 m .
The musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun , originally from Washington DC , is rhythm and blues , from which disco is derived .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV and SV Werder Bremen youth team , also represented Germany at youth level .
Hergé was the creator of the character Bianca Castafiore .
The celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia has a mass of 1 . 1kg and an epoch date of 27 June 2015 .
Blues artist Anders Osborne resides in Chicago and is signed with Rabadash Records . Osborne was with ' Alligator Records " .
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin , where 3Arena is located and owned by Live Nation Enternainment .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music and her record label is Fruits de Mer Records .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adam County in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , with Cumberland County to its north , and Frederick County Maryland to its southwest .
Akeem Adams , who died in the Hungarian city of Budapest , once played for the club United Petrotrin FC , whose home ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome .
The city of Aarhus in Denmark , which has a magistrate lead government , is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences . The School is affiliated to the European University Association based in Brussels . The current leader of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama . It is located in the United States which has African Americans as one of its ethnic groups .
Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is categorised as contributing property .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot . Before his retirement on the 1st of August 1974 , the United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , which is ranked higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Bakwell tart is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . It is a variation of Bakewell pudding and includes frangipane among its ingredients .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a mid - size luxury executive car also known as the 168 and has a straight four engine .
Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records wherein Universal Music group is the parent company .
Akeem Dent ' s debut team was the Atlanta Falcons who play in the city of Atlanta .
Austin , Texas is part of the United States of America where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans .
Located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and operated by Infraero , Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the South Region , Brazil .
The AMC Matador is a station wagon .
The Aids Journal ' s discipline is HIV / AIDS and comes under the academic discipline HIV . Their LCCN number is 90640840 and their ISSN number is 1473 - 5571 .
1097 Vicia ; has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 , a periapsis of 279142000000 and its epoch is 13 January 2016 .
Caterpillar Inc . are located in Illinois and powered the AIDAluna .
Alan Martin is a footballer for Aldershot Town FC and played for Hamilton Academical FC .
Originating from the United States , the ALV X - 1 , has 2 rocket stages , a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
1099 Figneria was formerly known as 1928 RQ .
Natives of the UK are known as British and the currency is the pound sterling . The UK is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) runway length is 597 . 0 .
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine and was assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
Margrethe II of Denmark is the name of Denmark ' s leader .
Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce from the Lazio region . One of the ingredients used is pecorino romano .
West Germany was the birthplace of Agnes Kant .
The Atlas II is 3 . 04 m in diameter and was launched from both Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . Atlas II had its final flight on August 31 , 2004 .
European Parliament is the leader of London .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Amkar Perm football team who are managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev , but he is currently playinf for FC Terek Grozny , their ground is based at Grozny .
Accademia di Architettura de Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland , which has Meride as its neighboring municipality . The Federal Chancellor of the country is Johann Schneider - Ammann and the country is governed by a Federal Assembly .
Ahmet Ertegum is originally from Washington D . C . which is in the United States .
Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities . Their nickname is Cornell Big Red and they publish the Administrative Science Quarterly .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where Auburn is located in part of Alabama .
Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908 and manages the AC Lumezzane .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas , where the Spanish language is spoken .
Alfredo Zitarrosa waas born in Montevideo and died in Tabaré Vázquez led Uruguay .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC whose home is in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire . Mr . Martin played for the Clyde FC that is managed by Mr . Barry Ferguson .
Start Parker is manager at A . F . C . Blackpool and plays for Blackpool F . C . .
A . C . Chievo Verona play in Verona .
One of the languages of Denmark is Greenlandic and the leader is Margrethe II . The AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen and tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Evangelos Venizelos was the deputy , .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured at the ESA and Arinanespace and was launched at the ELA - 3 .
Secretary of State of Vermont and 3rd Congressional District representative Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont . He was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is Trance , started his career in 2009 . He is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine as well as with Mark Sixma .
White Americans are an ethnic group of the United States .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia , the country which has Mulatu Teshome as one of its leaders .
The American submarine , NR - 1 , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h , is 45000 . 0 millimetres long , and has a 3 . 8m ship beam .
Alan Bean ( retired June 1981 ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin in the United States . The airport serves Appleton . Greenville is part of Ellington and Dale , Wisconsin .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S , where the capital is Washington D . C . The language in the United States is English , and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City , Phillipines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
The full name of ACF Fiorentia is " ACF Fiorentina S . p . A , " they played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A and have 47290 members .
Sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of Bionico .
Bandeja paisa , which uses chorizo , is typical Colombian cuisine .
1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second .
In the United States the leader is Barack Obama , the capital city is Washington D . C . , African Americans are an ethnic group and is where 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 . It has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres , and a rotation period of 11473 . 9 .
Abner plays for Coritiba Football Club and has represented Brazil at Under 17 level .
The Acta Mathematica Hungaria ( Acta Math . Hunger . ) covers the academic discipline of Mathematics . Its ISSN number is 1588 - 2632 .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst the Vice President was Mike Akhigbe , who belonged to the Nigerian Navy branch of the Military .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and he wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which preceded by The Grantville Gazettes and the Grantville Gazette II .
The Seat Ibiza and the Audi A1 , a related vehicle to the VW Polo , are both cars and therefore a related means of transportation .
The American submarine NR - 1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and was launched on 25 January 1969 . It has a draft of 4 . 6 m , a ship beam of 3 . 8m and a top speed of 8 . 334 .
Alfredo Zitarros began as a solo singer in Candombe music and signed for Odeon Records . Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Perez are both associated with Mr . Zitarros .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger , who plays for LASK Linz .
410777 2009 FD , a celestial body , was discovered by Spacewatch . Its orbital period is 39447000 , periapsis is 88234300000 , apoapsis is 259776702 . 47055 km , and its epoch is on the 27th of June , 2015 .
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and was completed in 1983 .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , parented by the Wolters Kluwer company .
JP McManus owns Adare Manor .
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia United States . The current tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall is the Mason School of Business .
The Aarhus , operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , is the airport of Aarhus , Denmark . It is 25 . 0 metres above sea level . The runway , named 10R / 28L , is 2776 . 0 metres long .
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore .
The capital of the U . S . , where African Americans are one of several ethnic groups and the country is home to Akron , Ohio , is Washington , D . C .
The Alhambra which is 63800 . 0 millimetres long owned by P & O has a Humphreys , Tennant and Dykes engine located in London .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ; has a Straight four engine , was assembled in Italy and has a sedan body style . The Alfa Romeo 164 , Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma are all cars and therefore related forms of transport .
AIDA Cruises , based in Germany , operates the ship AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werft .
Aaron Deer , an Indie rock musician is from Indianapolis and born in the United States .
Alison O ' Donnell , who began performing in 1963 , played folk music of Ireland and was a member of the bands Flibbertigibbet and United Bible Studies . She was signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings .
Caterpillar Inc was founded in California , in the United States . It is in Peoria , Illinois and a key person with the company is , Douglas R . Oberhelman . AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma is also a leader in the country where one of the ethnic groups is the White South Africans . The country has the capital city of Cape Town and is the location of 11 Diagonal Street .
Alpharetta , Georgia is elevated 346 . 0 meters above sea level and it has a total area of 55 . 4 sq km ( water area : 1 . 0 sq km ) . The area codes of Alpharetta are 770 , 404 , and 678 and its population density is 992 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometres .
William Anders was a selected as a crew member of Apollo 8 by NASA in 1963 and retired 1st September 1969 .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
Andrew Rayel , who plays Trance music , a type of music that originated from house music , is an associate of musician Jwaydan Moyine and musical artist John Digweed .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who was born in the German Empire and went to the University of Gottingen . One of his doctoral students was Halton Arp .
AWH Engineering College is located in India where the Ganges river flows .
Barny cakes were created by Chicago based Mondelez International . Barny cakes are also from France , whose leader is Gerard Larcher . Manuel Valls is a former leader .
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full - size luxury vehicle which entered production in 1937 . It features a 127 inch wheelbase , as well as an engine capable of producing 31 . 48 tax horsepower . Its transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , His real name was Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . Buzz graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science , then was selected to work for NASA in 1963 performed as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
15788 1993 SB was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( with 17000 members ) play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Série C .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia in the U . S . Asian Americans are one ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken .
Alan Shepard graduated from NWS in 1957 , which born in New Hampshire and died on 1974 - 08 - 01 .
Meringue is an ingredient of the dessert Baked Alaska . Sandesh is also a dessert .
Saranac Lake New York is located in the United States .
Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura which has 600 students and is based in the city of Mendrisio , Ticino .
The comic book character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in the Catalonia regional dish , Arros negre .
Alessio Romagnoli , a defender , played for the club UC Sampdoria .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader .
Part of Fulton County ( Georgia ) , Atlanta has a population density of , 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . Atlanta has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres , yet covers an area of 344 . 9 square kilometres . Atlanta has the area codes 404 , 678 , and 470 .
Bionico is a dessert that comes from the region Jalisco in Mexico . It contains sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader .
The Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin by Giovanni Bertone . It designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany , lives in the Netherlands , held office in the Socialist Party of the Netherlands , and her alma mater is Radbound University Nijmegen .
Buzz Aldrin ( born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) was , before he retired , a Fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA . The backup pilot was William Anders .
Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena and is a former player of Vigor Lamezia and S . S . D . Potenza Calcio .
The Newport Pagnell assembled Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport . The engine volume of Aston Martin V8 is 5 . 3 litres . The Aston Martin Virage succeeded the Aston Martin V8 .
Juan Carlos I of Spain was born in Rome and his predecessor was Francisco Franco . Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain and while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister .
Found in the Philippines , Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas . One of the main ingredients in this dessert type dish is Taro and sweet potatoes are also used .
Austin , Texas , is part of Hays County , Texas , the largest city of which is San Marcos . Austin is part of Williamson County , of which Georgetown is the county seat .
The United States Atlas II was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . The Atlas II is 3 . 04m in diameter , and its final flight was on the 16th of March , 1998 .
Albany is located in Dougherty County , Georgia .
Albuquerque in New Mexico , United States is led by a Mayor .
The leader in Italy is Laura Boldrini .
Alfred Giles was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House and died in Kendall County , Texas .
Cookies and Baked Alaska are types of dessert . The latter is from France where Gerard Larcher is a leader .
Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella , which is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length . The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises located in Germany .
The Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels , Belgium and has a 1 . 2 litre engine .
Akeem Dent , whose debut team was the Atlanta Falcons , used to play for Houston Texans . The team is owned by Bob McNair and are based in the city of Houston .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is the creator of Ben Urich .
The musical genre of Al Anderson of NRBQ is country music .
Former clubs of Alessio Romagnoli include UC Sampdoria and AS Roma .
The Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States . The state ' s capital is Austin and its inhabitants are called Texans . English is one of the spoken languages of Texas .
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
The Leader Of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
A . C . Chievo Verona were in the 2014 – 15 Serie A season .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 6 mm , has a four stroke engine , 12 cyclinder , and was built by the American Locomotive Company .
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa plays Candombe music .
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 1865 - 8784 .
Delta II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in the U . S . That rocket is similar to the Antares which is made by Orbital ATK and launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Aaron Hunt plays football for Vfl Wolfsburg where Dieter Hecking is the manager .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States . The country is the location of Atlantic City which is to be found in New Jersey where the largest city is Newark .
The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel , an American .
Paul Ryan is a leader in United States .
A member of the Labour Party in Argentina , Juan Peron was in office while Hortensio Quijano was vice president . When Juan Perón was president , is the time that Alberto Teisaire was in office .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India , 560090 . The Institute was established in 2000 ; it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , whose abbreviated name is Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , is academically focused on Paleontology .
Acura is a division of Honda who make the Acura TLX .
Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
The length of the runway at Al - Taqaddum Air Base , which serves the city of Fallujah , is 3684 . 0 .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for Nashville based team the Tennessee Titans , later playing for the St Louis Rams .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of asphalt and has a length of 497 . 0 .
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th January 1988 .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . C . Milan in Serie A and formerly played for the Italy national under - 19 football team . Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of the A . C . Milan club .
Adam McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus , Ohio based team the Columbus Blue Jackets , whose general manager is Jarmo Kekalainen . McQuaid later played for the Boston Bruins , who are based in Boston .
The capital of Georgia is Atlanta .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , the county seat of which , is Fort Worth in Texas .
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and Bakso comes from there .
The runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is called " 03R / 21L " .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres .
The discoverer of ( 15788 ) 1993 SB is Donal O ' Ceallaigh .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow who have their home ground at Otkrytiye Arena , and also for FC Terek Grozny who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
Acharaya Instutute of Technology , founder Kempe Gowda , in Bangalore , was given Technical Campus status by the all India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . The institute offers Tennis under the International Tennis federation and is affiliated to thge Visvesvaraya technological University .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States . The largest city in New Jersey is Newark .
20 Fenchurch Street which is located in London ( the leader of which is Boris Johnson ) has 34 floors .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome and it ' s people called Italians .
Buzz Aldrin originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 11 with William Anders as his back up pilot .
Written in English , A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
John Sánchez is one of the leaders in the New Mexico Senate , which governs Albuquerque , New Mexico in the United States . The Native Americans are an ethnic group that can be found in the country .
Adisham Hall was finished in 1931 .
Albuquerque is located in New Mexico , United States .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by American Locomotive Company and it has the length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
Peter Stöger played football for SK Vorwärts Steyr .
Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia and Singapore , the latter where Tony Tan is the leader and English is spoken .
A . C . Cesana play in Serie B .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ' s abbreviated name is Acta Palaeontol . Pol . The book comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has the ISBN number 0567 - 7920 .
ALV X - 1 origins is the U . S . where Americans live and Asian Americans are one ethnic group . Washington , D . C . is the capital in the U . S . and its national anthem is called The Star Spangled Banner .
The language in Russia is Russian .
The Antares rockets maiden flight was on the 09th January 2014 .
Akeem Priestley played for the club Sheikh Russel KC .
Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , New York , US .
The runway length at Ashgabat International airport is 3800 . 0 .
1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km , a mass of 5 . 7kg and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec .
Pacific Grove , California is located in the United States .
Bhajji origintes from the Karnataka region of India , home to the Indian people ; led by T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Akron , Summit County , Ohio is part of , the president led , United States . The U . S . is home to African Americans and has its capital as Washington , DC .
Acharya Institute of Technology of India was established in the year 2000 .
Auburn is part of Washington ( state ) , located in the United States .
The maiden flight of Ariane 5 was on the 11th December 2002 .
Baked Alaska is a dish from France which can be found in Hong Kong , New York and Paris . French is the language spoken in France , where there are leaders called Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher .
Addis Ababa is in in Ethiopia and has a City Hall and Stadium . Mulatu Teshome is an Ethiopian leader and the language is Amharic .
Italian born Rolando Maran is in Varese Calcio S . S . D . club and also plays for Carrarese Calcio . He has previously managed AC Chievo Verona .
The building of 108 St . Georges Terrace was started in 1981 .
Alan Bean , born March 15 , 1932 , spent over 69 days ( or 100305 minutes ! ) in space as a member of the Apollo 12 crew .
The Director of The Acharya Institute of Technology located in Bangalore , India , is Dr G P Prabhukumar . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has the motto " Nurturing Excellence " .
The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Alan Shepard is an American born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . A . and was a crew member of Apollo 14 . Shepard retired 1974 - 08 - 01 and later died in California .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Californian born Julia Morgan who also designed the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach .
Allen Forrest is a solo hip hop music singer . Hip hop has origins in disco and funk and drum and bass is derived from it .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 and went on to become a fighter pilot with NASA . He also became a part of the Apollo 11 crew .
The dish Binignit can be found in the Philippines , it ' s main ingredient is Taro .
Designed by architect Tadao Ando , the Akita Museum of Art is Located in Akita Prefecture , Akita , Japan .
Born on 13th March 1947 , country musician Al Anderson , who was once a member of the Wildweeds , now plays with the band NRBQ .
American Abraham A . Ribicoff worked for the U . S . Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office and was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
The location identifier for Abilene Regional airport is ABI .
Atlanta Georgia is a big city . It is 344 . 9 square kilometers , total areas is 347 . 1 square kilometers . It has a population og 1299 inhabitants per square mile , with a 404 area code .
The United States has the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Auburn in the state of Washington , .
A Wizard of Mars , published by Harcourt , was preceded by Wizards at War .
The Asser Levy Public Baths which was built in 1904 is located in New York City .
Atlantic City International Airport has an elevation of 75 feet above sea level and is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , in the United States .
Written by Eric Flint , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II which itself was preceded by The Grantville Gazette .
The building at 300 North LaSalle was completed in 2009 .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot , is deceased .
The total population of Anaheim California is 336265 , its total area is 131 . 6 sq km and its area code is 657 . The UTC offset for Anaheim is - 8 .
Arlington and Houston ( largest city in Texas ) are both part of Spanish speaking Texas In the United States .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Miri , Malaysia , belongs to the Party of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak .
AZAL Arena , which holds 3500 fans , is the ground of AZAL PFK who played in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 - 15 . Qarabag FK have been champions of this league .
The comic character Ballistic was created by Doug Moench .
Airey Neave , awarded the Territorial Decoration , served in the Royal Artillery Unit .
The book , by Garth Nix , titled Aenir , is a paperback and has the ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere , Finland , on 1995 - 09 - 02 . He plays centre and has played for the Florida Panthers .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and his successor was Makis Voridis . Adonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister but Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix , has a OCLC number of 46451790 and ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is an academic publication which is primarily focussed on Paleontology . Its title can be abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . It has an LCCN number of 60040714 and its ISSN number is 1732 - 2421 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City . He passed away in Dona Ana , New Mexico in the U . S .
Ann Arbor is located in Michigan and is led by the politician Christopher Taylor and a Mayor . It has the area code of 734 , covers a total area of 74 . 33 sq km and has a population density of 1580 . 7 people per sq km .
Americans live in the U . S .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and died in the United States . He once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office where he was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
India is the location of the River Ganges and the state of Kerala which is northwest of Mahe India and is led by Kochi . The city of Kuttikkattoor in Kerala is the location of the AWH Engineering College which has 250 academic staff .
The country India has as it ' s leaders Sumitra Mahajan and T . S . Thakur , it is also home to the dish bhajji .
A . C . Chievo Verona play in Serie A where Juventus FC have been champions .
Anaheim is part of California .
Born in Canada , Aaron Boogaard is 1 . 905 metres tall and plays for Wichita Thunder .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and also plays for AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia , in the United States . Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County , Georgia .
US national Elliot See , who was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas has died in St Louis . During his life he was a student at the University of Texas at Austin .
Alexis Tsipras is the name of the leader of Greece .
Blues performer Anders Osborne is associated with musical artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit as well as the band , Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which originated in United States , France or China .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair , which is available in English . English is spoken in Great Britain .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines who have headquarters in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . Their hub airport is Turkmenbashi International Airport .
Bionico is served as a dessert and contains granola . It can be varied by using cottage cheese .
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy , where Italians come from , Rome is the capital and arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish .
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full - size luxury car with a wheelbase of 127 inches and an impressive transmission .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Talaba SC .
1001 Gaussia has a rotation period of 33012 . 0 and an epoch date of 31 July 2016 .
Abilene , part of Taylor County , Texas is part of Texas and is served by Abilene regional airport . The airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay . He plays Candombe music and records for Odeon Records .
Abner plays for CD FAS in the Salvadoran Primera Division .
Aleksandra Kovač was born in 1972 , in Serbia . Aleksandra Kovač , whose genre is soul music , is a solo singer .
The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer .
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a recording label in RCA Records , in which Sony Music Entertainment is the distribution company .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is run by the Indian Air Force . Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in that Air Force .
The A - Rosa Luna has a 24 . 0 top speed , weighs 1850 tons and is 125 . 8 meters long . Made by Neptun Werft , Warnemunde , it was launched December 16 , 2004 .
Abarth , which was founded by Carlo Abarth , in Bologna , is the manufacturer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé . The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad .
Aaron Deer , a keyboardist , is a performer of the Indie rock music genre .
Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol ' s youth club that played in the Uruguayan Primera División . Mr . Hernández ' s club is Central Español and the U . S . Città di Palermo which has a manager called Giuseppe Iachini .
Alaa Abdul Zahra has played for Duhok SC and currently plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC , managed by Amar Osim , which is located in Al Khor .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in the state of Georgia which has Atlanta as its largest city . The state lies within the United States which includes Asian Americans among its ethnic groups .
Albert Jennings Fountain died in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Started its service on the 22nd March , 2009 , the AIDAluna is 252000 . 0 millimetres long and has a beam of 32 . 2m .
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmark and it is now affiliated to the European University Association . The current Dean is Thomas Pallesen and there is a total of 16000 students .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina , Saskatchewan and his club is Wichita Thunder .
The Visvesvaraya Technologiccal University is in the city of Belgaum .
Covington is the county seat of Fountain County , Indiana , U . S . Attica is also part of Indiana , whose capital is Indianapolis .
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which is 25 metres above sea level . The runway name is 10L / 28R and has a length of 2777 . 0 .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid , and Saranac Lake , Harrietstown , New York in the U . S .
Adam Koc , born in Congress Poland , fought in the Polish – Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War . Leon Trotsky was a commander in this war .
Albennie Jones plays jazz , elements of which are contained in the fusion genre Afrobeat .
Abel Caballero , who is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party was born in Pontearas .
An ingredient of beef kway teow , which originates from Singapore and is a popular food of Indonesia , is palm sugar .
Coconut milk and sweet potato are the main ingredients of the binignit dish , which can be found in the Philippines .
Alfons Gorbach ' s successor was Josef Klaus .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania and was established in 2000 .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed to the record label of Floating World Records and performs jazz music .
The Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 in Asser Levy Place on East 23rd Street , were added to the National Register of historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
Ace Wilder ' s genre is Electropop which has origins in Disco .
" The Secret Scriptures , " published by Faber and Faber , followed " A Long , Long Way . " .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain .
Canada is led by Elizabeth II and is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
Aleksandr Chumakov passed away in Moscow where the leader is Sergey Sobyanin . Chumakov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team and also played for FC Torpedo Moscow under the manager , Valery Petrakov .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of an Amatriciana sauce from Italy .
Albany is 144 . 7 square kilometres in size and is found in Dougherty County in the state of Georgia in the U . S .
The orbital period for 1097 Vicia is 135589000 . 0 .
Alfons Gorbach ' s place of birth was the state , Tyrol and place of death was in Austria , the leader of which , is Doris Bures .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation . He performs ska punk music which originated from ska music .
Ximo Puig is a leader in the Valencian Community where Arros negre comes from . It is a traditional dish from Spain , where the currency is the euro and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
11264 Claudiomaccone is a celestial body that has an average speed of 18 . 29 km / s , apoapsis of 475426000 , orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , and a epoch of the 26th of November , 2005 .
Abner W . Sibal was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Alvah Sabin died in Dekalb County , Sycamore , Illinois .
A T Charlie Johnson from Stanford University is the editor of AIP Advances , or AIP Adv .
The AIDAstella has a beam of 32 . 2 m .
California uses the English language and is the location of the city of Antioch .
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in Netherlands which uses red as one of its colours .
The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union in the U . S .
Abel Caballero is Spanish .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in the English language and is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States , which counts Asian Americans among its ethnic groups .
The key person for BBC is Rona Fairfield and it ' s located in Broadcasting House in London and shows Bananaman TV Series .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States is African Americans .
Auburn , Alabama , United States , is part of Lee County , where Opelika is the county seat .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 .
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman .
The comic character of Balder Odinson is also known by the name Balder and was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby .
Mols is situated to the northeast of Aarhus where the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located .
The Boston Bruins are based in the city of Boston .
Found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport has a runway length of 4 . 100 metres and a runway named 18L / 36R .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz FC and Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya .
Aleksandra Kovač is part of the K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol . Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music , which is Aleksandra Kovac ' s style .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC . The leader of the US is the President and the population includes many Asian Americans .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and in 1963 after a stint as a test pilot , NASA picked him to be part of the space program .
110 Lydia , with a mass of 6 . 7 kg and the epoch date December 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
Alan Bean was hired by NASA in 1963 .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Magdalene College Cambridge alum and Grenadier Guard veteran Adam Holloway was a parliament member . Born in Kent , his career began 05 / 05 / 2005 .
Aenir is a paperback and was written by Garth Nix .
he Aston Martin V8 , assembled at Newport Pagnell , has a 5 . 3 liter engine and is relative to the Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Aaron Turner is a post - war metal musician and played for Twilight and currently is a member of the Isis band .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connectiut , once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office and is married to Casey Ribicoff .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV .
Aaron Turner who is a post - metal artist and member of the band Twilight , performs for Mamiffer .
Banjo is an instrument for Country music .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Pennsylvania .
German is the language of Denmark .
Adam Holloway began his career on May 5th 2005 , served in the Grenadier Guards , and was involved in Gulf War battles . John Major was a commander during the Gulf War .
Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip Hop music ( as performed by Abradab ) which has its stylistic origins in Jazz and Disco .
The footballer Stuart Parker is attached to Irlam Town Football Club .
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . The series was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling .
The current leader of the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC is President Barack Obama . Another leader is Paul Ryan and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Anders Osborne , who is a performer of the genre rhythm and blues , has been in the past signed to Rabadash Records and Alligator Records .
ALV X - 1 comes from the U . S . where Americans live and where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The book titled 1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint is a hardcover , has 512 pages and an ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
American Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot and part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 mission where he spent 52 minutes in space . Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is now retired .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President .
Andrew White is an alternative rock artist . Alternative rock comprises many sub genres including Christian rock and Nu metal , born from the style of punk rock and new wave .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 . It is situated in Mendrisio , which is near to Meride .
Bionico ; can be varied by using cottage cheese , is served at the dessert course , and is found Guadalajara , Mexico ( where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader ) .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and not surprisingly includes bacon as an ingredient .
Arlington is located in Tarrant County which is part of the state of Texas . The largest city in the county is Fort Worth and the state capital is Austin .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , whose doctoral student was Halton Arp .
one of the ethnic groups of Malaysia is Malaysian Indian .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which has been provided by the National Park Service is located within the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland . It was established on 11 July 1907 .
The first runway length in feet of Alpena County Regional Airport is 9001 .
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and like in Great Britain , English is the spoken language .
One of the battles Alfred Moore Scales was involved in was the Battle of Gettysburg , which was part of the American Civil War conflict .
Alpharetta , Georgia is located within the United States .
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from both the country of France and the region of New York .
William M . O . Dawson is a member of the United States Republican party .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was made by Abarth , the founder of which , was Carlo Abarth . The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone which was founded in Turin .
3Arena is located in Dublin , the Republic of Ireland and it is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Dail Eireann is a leader in Dublin .
Above the Veil ( ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 ) is written by Garth Nix and is available in hardcover .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in ayem penyet found in Java , Malaysia and Singapore .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is the seat of the local government .
Atlantic City is a part of New Jersey where Trenton is the capital and its largest city is Newark . The city is part of the U . S . A . where Native Americans also live .
1036 Ganymed has a rotation period of 37116 . 0 .
Abel Harnandez plays for Hull City AFC and the Uraguay National football team .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer who bEgan her career in 1990 . She is an exponent of funk and is musically involved with Kristina Kovac and Kornelije Kovac .
3992 . 88 is the length of the runway at Al Asad Airbase .
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where Felipe VI is leader . Ajoblanco is found in Andalusia where Susana Diaz is leader . One of the ingredients of ajoblanco is almonds .
The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 49805501 . its author is Qiu Xiaolong and it can be found in hardcover .
Alhambra is 63800 . 0 mms in length and is owned by the P & O company . It has a power type manufactured by Humnphrys , Tennant and Dykes who are located in London .
A Wizard of Mars was written in the United States where the main language is English ( originated in Great Britain ) . Natives Americans are an ethnic group of the US .
The American Journal of Mathematics discipline is Math and the publisher is Johns Hopkins University which is based in the United States .
Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis , Indiana . He performs in the genre of Psychedelia .
Abner W Sibal , of the Republican Party of the United States , was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens , died in Alexandria , Virginia and was succeeded by Donald J Irwin .
Albuquerque in New Mexico , United States , is led by the Albuquerque City Council .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and its length is 17068 . 8 millimetres . It has 12 cylinders , a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
Albert B . White ; started his career on March 4 , 1901 , finished his career on March 4th 1905 , and was succeeded by , William M . O . Dawson .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Leiden University .
Atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre , covers 344 . 9 sq km , and a total area of 347 . 1 sq km . Atlanta is part of Fulton County , Georgia and has an area code of 404 .
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , a country where the Spanish language is spoken . Ajoblanco is a food that comes from Andalusia in Spain . Susana Diaz is a leader of Andalusia .
Brian Robertson , a trombonist , and Aaron Bertram play for the Kids Imagine Nation band and the Suburban Legends band , performing ska punk music .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , who has worked at FC Bari 1908 .
American Motors Co was succeeded by Eagle and owns a subsidiary company , The Wheel Horse . A key person at American Motors , a company where the AMC Matador is manufactured , is Roy D . Chapin Jr .
Abilene , Texas is 524 . 0 above sea level .
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes and operates ELA - 3 , the launch site of the Ariane at the Guiana space centre .
Alfons Gorbach ' s place of death was in Austria , a country which is led by Doris Bures .
Appleton International Airport is located in Appleton Wisconsin which is a part of Kimberly and Grand Chute .
With a runway length of 3800 metres , Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , in Angola .
AEK Athens FC , whose home ground is in Greece , has 69618 members and compete in the Superleague Greece .
The Fiat Croma , Saab 9000 and Alfa Romeo 164 are all similar means of transport . The latter car has a sedan body and is assembled in Italy .
AC Chievo Verona play in the Serie A league in which Juventus FC have been champions .
Jack Kirby was an American .
Magdalene College , Cambridge alum and Grenandier Guard veteran Adam Holloway was born in Faversham . He was also a Parliament member .
Ab Klink worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands , .
Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character , Arion .
The comic book character Auron was created by both Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson .
Akeem Adams ' club is Central F . C .
Aleksandra Kovac is a pop music performer and Disco is a fusion genre of pop music .
The city of Anderson is part of Indiana .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City .
Errata , Mississippi born Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues , music which originated from the blues . Disco is derived from rhythm and blues .
Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States .
The Swiss legislature is the Federal Assembly and the leader of the country is Johann Schneider - Ammann . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio which neighbours the municipality of Meride .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in Connecticut .
Alan Bean is a United States citizen born in Wheeler , Texas on 15 March 1932 and who graduated from UT Austin BS in 1955 .
Frederick Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefields . This district is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument .
The ALCO RS - 3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 .
Ahmet Ertegun is a rhythm and blues performer from the United States .
10 Hygiea ; has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 , takes 5 . 57 days to orbit , and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per secs .
Anderson is located within Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle with a V6 engine and a front engine design . It was assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States , is Asian Americans .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played at Otkrytiye Arena for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team .
Abner W . Sibal was a member of the Republican Party of the US and a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District . He was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
The " Government of Addis Ababa " are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall , which has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
11 Diagonal Street has a floor area of 1200 square metres .
Arlington is in Tarrant County , Texas whose county seat is is Fort Worth .
Maine born Aaron S Daggett fought in the American Civil War and was later awarded the Purple Heart .
The author , Eric Flint , wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion and followed this with 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak .
Agnes Kant , is a national of the Netherlands , the leader of which is Mark Rutte . Agnes Kantworked at the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , which is led by Emile Roemer .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of " 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , " available in hardcover .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan , is made from red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is known by locals as Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia . the airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the State of Paraná located in the South Region of Brazil the country .
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and he was succeeded by Price Daniel .
AIDA Cruises are located at Rostock and are the owners of the AIDAluna .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York , a city of many languages , on of which is , Arabic .
Born in Chicago , Casey Ribicoff was Abraham A . Ribcoff ' s wife . An American , Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York City , in a country where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Montevideo is found in Uruguay , whose leaders are Tabare Vazquez and Raul Gernando Sendic Rodriguez . Uruguayan peso is the currency used in Uruguay .
Burlington is the largest city in Alvah Sabin ' s state of Vermont .
The character of Ben Urich , whose full name is Benjamin Urich , was created by Gene Colan and the comic bookwriter , Roger Mckenzie .
Anders Osborne ' s genre is Blues .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell which is the publisher of Addiction journal that has the OCLC number 27367194 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and he served as the Chief of the Astronaut Office .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V - 2 , at a length of 192000 . 0 millimetres , has ship ' s beam which measures 24 . 4 .
Texas , in the United States , is the location of Andrews County Airport . The demonym for the inhabitants of Texas is Tejano , the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin .
Walter Baade died in West Germany .
AIDA Cruises are located in Germany and own the AIDAluna which is powered by the Californian founded Caterpillar Inc . engine .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español , whose main team play in the Uruguayan Segunda Division . His current clubs are Penarol , managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva , and US Citta di Palermo .
Vietnamese is a language spoken in California .
Alfred N . Phillips was a member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th District , the state where he was born . He fought for the U . S . Army in the American Civil War .
The Apollo 12 mission was operated by NASA . Alan Bean , who graduated from UT Austin , was a crew member and is now retired . David Scott commanded the mission and the backup pilot was Alfred Worden .
The AIDAluna is 252 metres long .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan . The airport serves Lahore , Pakistan . The leader of that country is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances . His alma mater was Stanford University and he is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham .
Albany , Oregon is located within the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and where the capital is Washington , D . C .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
Paulo Sousa played for Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C .
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . It had a diameter of 3 . 04 m and made its final flight on 16 March 1998 .
The abbreviation " ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems , which has the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 and the LCCN number 89646863 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written in English by Eric Flint . The book was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
Alberto Teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 , in Mendoza in Agentina , He was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Mendoza in Agentina is the birthplace of Alberto Teisaire . Mr . Teisaire was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint was published in print and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th November 1923 , graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 , retired on 1st August 1974 and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by The United States Navy .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where they speak Italian . The leader of the country is Pietro Grasso .
300 North LaSalle , Illinois , was completed in 2009 .
Auburn Alabama is in the United States .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas in the United States and the state ' s largest city is Fort Worth .
Batagor comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the vice - president . Siomay and shumai are variations of the dish and all of them contain shiitake .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where Charles Michel is a leader .
" Mayor " is the title of the leader in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Michele Marcolini manages the A . C . Lumezzane , plays for A . C . Chievo Verona and previously played for Vicenza Calcio .
Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer , is based in the United States and published the AIDS ( journal ) .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where the leader is Carles Puigdemont . The country ' s head of state is Spain is Felipe VI .
Ashgabat International Airport , located in Ashgabat , is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . The airport lies 211 metres above sea level and has the runway name 12R / 30L which has a length of 900 . 0 .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans which are based in Nashville , Tennessee . His former team is the Los Angeles Rams . which play at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
The Alvis Speed 25 , with a straight 6 engine , was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company founded in Coventry .
Montevideo is found in the country of Uruguay .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and Arem - arem is a traditional dish .
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 , a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and takes 5 . 57 days to orbit .
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 season .
Andrews County Airport which is located in Texas serves Andrews , Texas . It is situated 973 . 0 above sea level . It runway - which is called 16 / 34 , measures 8 meters long .
The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord which is made by Honda . Acura is a division of the Honda Co .
Baked Alaska is from the United States and includes the ingredient Christmas pudding .
Jazz musician , Alison O ' Donnell was once signed to Deram Records and is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings .
The Abarth 1000 GT has a coupe bodystyle and production began in 1958 .
Akron , Ohio is part of the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
FC Samtredia play their home games at the Erosi Manjgaladze stadium .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Austria and died in Styria .
Angola , in Pleasant Township ( Steuben County , Indiana ) , is in the United States , where English is the language . Americans are what the country ' s inhabitants are called , and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
An ingredient of baked Alaska is ice cream which , along with cookies , are desserts .
Asherton , Texas is in the country of the United States .
Alan Frew ' s genre is Rock music which originated from both blues music and country music .
Englishman N . R . Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He discovered 107 Camilla which has an periapsis of 479 , 343 , 000 kilometres .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which is classed as a Monocotyledon .
Houston is the largest city in Texas , where the capital is Forth Worth . Tarrant County is the location of Fort Worth and is also where you will find Arlington .
Albert Jennings Fountain , a politician while Vice President Edmund J . Davis was in office , died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in India in 2000 .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the US . The US is where " A Wizard of Mars was published .
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey in the United States and New York City is the largest city of the country .
Anders Osborne has worked with Tab Benoit and the band Galactic . He is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and his genre is rhythm and blues .
The leader of Punjab , Pakistan is Shehbaz Sharif .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering and stars Graeme Garden .
A Fortress of Grey Ice ' s ISBN number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
Ariane 5 launched from ELA - 3 operated by Arianespace located in Courcouronnes . The launchsite is at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou , French Guiana .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas in the U . S . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , provided by the National Park Service , was established on 11th July 1907and is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county Frederick , Maryland .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was from and was born in the U . S . , where African Americans are an ethnic group . Casey Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A . Ribcoff , who died in New York City .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 .
AFC Ajax is nicknamed Lucky Ajax .
Ampara Hospital is situated in Ampara in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader . The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands and lives in Doesburg . She worked at the house of representatives in the Netherlands , where Mark Rutte is the leader . Khadija Arib is the leader of the House of Representatives .
Discovered by Spacewatch , ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometers , and an periapsis of , 88234300000 . 0 .
Associated with Bobina , Andrew Rayel is also associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren , whose genre is House music .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Forces . It is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and its runway length is 3090 .
The full name of ACF Fiorentia is " ACF Fiorentina S . p . A . " .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatariciana sauce and is a member of the order Solanales .
There is an ethnic group of Chinese people in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia .
Adam Holloway , who served in the Grenadier Guards , was born in Faversham , Kent , England , and studied at Magdalene College in Cambridge . He began his career on 5th May 2005 and worked as a Member of parliament .
Alan B . Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary , and was designed by Robert A . M . Stern , where it was completed on June 1st , 2009 .
The main ingredient of the Indonesian dish of Batagor are fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
Designed by Gruppo Bertone in Turin , the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was founded by Giovanni Bertone . Abarth are the makers of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
The cruise ship A - Rosa Luna weighs 1850 tonnes and is 125800 . 0 mms in length .
The periapsis of the ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 Asteroid is 41498400000 . 0 Gm .
AFAS Stadion is the ground of AZ Alkmaar .
Alan Martin played football for Clyde FC based at the Broadwood Stadium and now plays for the Scotland national under 19 football team .
The Guiana Space Centre , located in French Guiana , has it ' s headquarters located in Kourou . It is the site of ELA - 3 launchpad which is operated by Arianespace and is the launch site of the Ariane .
AL X - 1 hails from the US , where there is an ethnic group called Native Americans .
The DeSoto is related to the Dodge Coronet and Desoto Custom which is made by the DeSoto co .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The red granite and white marble memorial is also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is known as the Prime Minister .
Solo singer Albennie Jones plays rhythm and blues .
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla .
The USAF operate the Al Asad airbase , and previously were involved in the Invasion of Panama . The General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter .
The Socialist Party of The Netherlands is associated with the colour red .
Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and was part of the Battle of Waterloo .
Walter Baade , who had doctoral students named Halton Arp and Allan Sandage , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He graduated from the University of Gottingen and eventually died in the city .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The country ' s leader is Tarō Asō , and Vietnamese people are an ethnic group from Japan .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos and the leader of the country is Tarō Asō .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Al - Naft .
Alpena Country Regional Airport owner is Alpena Country , Michigan .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s region is Asajaya .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , also known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " , is a sedan with a 4 - speed automatic ( ZF 4HP18Q ) transmission . It is an executive car and its engine is also known as a straight - four engine .
In Mexico one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish .
Mondelez International was founded in Chicago .
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 , a temperature of 173 kelvins and an apoapsis of 475426000 km .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba , Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . Its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis .
Established in 2001 in Mumbai , India , AWH Engineering College has an academic staff of 250 employees .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and it falls under the category of contributing property . To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County .
The architect responsible for Adare Manor was Philip Charles Hardwick and the building was completed in 1862 .
There are 992 . 6 people per square kilometres in Alpharetta , Georgia , which has a total area of 55 . 4 square kilometres .
Aleksandra Kovač is a performer of pop music and associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac . Disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music and therefore can be considered a fusion genre .
Polish is the language spoken in Poland where and ethnic group is Romani people and Adam Koc ' s nationality is Polish .
Andrew Rayel was born in chisinau , Moldova abd began his trance music career in 2009 . He is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren .
AFC Blackpool have 1500 members and the ground is located in Blackpool .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and was a member of the New Democracy Party there .
The United States is the location of Albany , Oregon and includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups .
Bananaman , starring Jill Shilling , created by Steve Bright . first aired on the BBC on 3 / 10 / 1983 .
Aaron Bertram ' s musical genre is Ska punk .
An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is guanciale , the sauce comes from the Lazio region .
The post metal instrument is a Cello , which is Aaron Turner ' s genre . He played with Twilight and Greymachine bands .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United states , where white americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington D . C .
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia ( formerly called A911 MD ) , has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres and the epoch on 31 July 2016 .
South East Asia was a location for World War II , the war Airey Neave was part of and the war Franklin D . Roosevelt was the commander during .
Batagor is a food originates from Indonesia . Its variations are Shumai and Siomay , which contains peanut sauce among its ingredients .
Bachoy originates from Philippine Spanish speaking Philippines ; home of the Zamboangans and Igorot people .
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company was succeeded by the Rover Company .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000 . The school is in the state of Karnataka . Its president is B . M . Reddy and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Originating from Washington D . C . ( United States ) , Ahmet Ertegun ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
The University of Texas at Austin , which is competing in the Big 12 Conference is affiliated to the university of texas system . It is from this university that Elliot See graduated . He later died in St . Louis , a city which had been part of the Kingdom of France .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region where the Faroese language is spoken .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 km and an average speed of 18 . 29 km / s .
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where AC Lumezzane ' s ground is located . The country is inhabited by Italians who speak the Italian language .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix and printed with the OCLC number 46451790 .
In the United States , where English is the primary language , one of the ethnic groups is African American . In addition , A Fortress of Grey Ice is also from the United States .
Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol and is in the Uruguay Olympic football team . He also plays for the club , U . S . Città di Palermo which is managed by , Giuseppe Iachini .
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 and has been manager of A C Cesena .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where one of the spoken languages is Inuktitut .
Asphalt is the surface of the first runway of Angola International Airport , which is located 159 metres above sea level .
The Los Angeles Rams coach is Jeff Fisher .
Abilene is part of Taylor County , Texas and served by Abilene regional airport .
A Long Long Way , published by Viking Press , comes from Ireland where the ethnic group is White people .
The third runway length of Andrews County Airport is 2 , 939 feet .
Aaron Deer plays Indie Rock , which features the guitar .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Athens , where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis .
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish , as is the Chinese dish Shumai which includes Shiitake .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who was married to Ruth Ribicoff , was born in Connecticut .
Ajoblanco , also know as " Ajo blanco " , is made with garlic and comes from Spain .
The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by John Cowper Powys , who also wrote A Glastonbury Romance .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg during the American Civil War which had Jefferson Davis as one of its commanders .
The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines , who are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport , is Turkmenbashi International Airport .
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish and has lemon as one of the ingredients .
Atlantic City International Airport located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey based in New York .
Vegetables are an ingredient of Batchoy which comes from the Philippines .
Marriott International , founded in Washington DC , is located in Bethesda , Maryland and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
The California State Senate leads Anaheim , California .
Abel Caballero , while in office , was the Minister of Transport .
Anaheim , California has a population of 336265 .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial ( known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti ) was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner in red granite and white marble , and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade , and the National Assembly is the legislative branch of government .
Anderson is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Aldershot Town FC , footballer , Alan Martin , plays for the club , Accrington Stanley F . C . , the ground of which , is Accrington .
Found in Java , the food Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia where on of the ethnic groups is Malaysian Chinese .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States which has the Star Spangled Banner for its anthem .
Fighter pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 1933 . He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on September 1 , 1969 .
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " .
The Andrews County Airport in Andrews , Texas has a runway named 16 / 34 that is the length of 1773 meters . The airport is 973 meters above sea level .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where A Wizard of Mars , which is published in English , originates from .
Adisham Hall which is located in Sri Lanka has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
1001 Gaussia ' s epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 and its orbital period is 5 . 75 days . Its former name is A911 MD and it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
Adonis Georgiadis , born in Athens , was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
Alan Bean , an American was born in Wheeler Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BSc . He was a test pilot and a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 12 .
The 1955 Dodge station wagon has an engine that is 230 cubic inches .
Jens Härtel first club was FC Lokomotive Leipzig . He has been involved in SV Babelsberg 03 and Berliner AK 07 .
With an impact Factor of 1 . 337 , The American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviation Am . J . Math .
Baked Alaska and Sandesh are desserts .
101 Helena has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetres , an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km / s and its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The USAF , involved in the invasion of Grenada and the bombing of Libya in 1986 , is the operation organisation for Al Asad airbase .
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Phillippine Spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include the Ilocano and Moro .
The parent company of MTU Friedrichshafen is Rolls Royce Power Systems .
66063 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and a periapsis measuring 41498400000 . 0 . Its epoch is on the 13th of January 2016 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km / s .
Tim Brooke - Taylor was born in England .
The leader of Mexico is Enrique Pena Nieto . A type of dessert cake served in the Jalisco region of Mexico is called Bionico .
Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York .
Newark is the largest city of New Jersey .
AIDAstella , which was built by Meyer Werf and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length is operated by AIDA Cruises .
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is Trance , has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Alan Bean was part of NASA ' s Apollo 12 crew which has Alfred Worden as its backup pilot and was commanded by David Scott . Bean graduated from the University of Texas in Austin in 1955 .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States , where Washington D . C . is the capital and the Star Spangled Banner the anthem . The leader of the United States has the title President of the United States and its ethnic groups include African Americans .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of South Mountain .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , a historical district in the United States , is located in the district of the Monocracy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland .
Aleksandra Kovac , who became active in 1990 , was a solo singer . His musical genre is Funk and he is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and is in the same band as Kornelije Kovac .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number " 87000823 " .
A . F . C . Fylde are based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire .
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine and is from the Paisa region .
Atlantic City , part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , in the United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C .
The total area of Alexandria , Indiana is 6 . 81 square kilometres and it is 265m above sea level . The area code for Alexandria is 765 and the population density is 755 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometer ) .
15788 1993 SB has an apoapsis of 7715100000 kilometres .
The icebreaker Aleksay Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland .
Stan Lee and the American , Jack Kirby created the comic character of Balder .
Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , Alberto Teisaire , was born in Mendoza , Argentina . He retained office during Labour Party member President Juan Peron ' s leadership .
Atlanta is located within the state of Georgia , in the United States .
The Asser Levy Public Baths built in 1904 are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on " 1980 - 04 - 23 " .
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region .
Auburn , Alabama is located in the U . S .
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport where the runway length is 2777 . 0 and the runway name is 10R / 28L .
Atlanta , Georgia is in the U . S . and most of the city is in DeKalb County where Dunwoody is the largest city .
The full - size luxury car Alvis Speed 25 has a wheelbase of 127 inches and a transmission system comprised of a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
Abel Hernández was born in Pando , Uruguay .
The Al Taqaddum air base is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of Fallujah .
Shumai is a variation of Siomay and Batagor .
Arem - arem have banana leaf in it .
Alan Frew comes from Newmarket , Ontario , in Canada .
Walter Baade , who died in West Germany , discovered 1036 Ganymed .
Akeem Ayers played for the American Football team , St . Louis Rams .
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom . Aircraft carriers carry the Lockheed AC - 130 .
Born on 17 October , 1933 , William Anders joined NASA in 1963 .
The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 349206000000 . 0 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City and died in the US .
Ahmet_Davutoğlu is Turkey ' s leader .
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone in Italy and designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
A Loyal Character , written by Qiu Xiaolong , has ISBN : 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which has a variation known as the BLT .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and served in office during Juan Carlos I of Spain ' s reign . Juan Carlos ' s predeccessor was Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States where Barack Obama is a leader .
The Abarth 1000 GT has a coupe bodystyle , the straight four engine , and a wheelbase that is 2160 millimetres .
Alan Bean joined NASA in 1963 where he became a member of the Apollo 12 mission along with Alfred Worden as back up pilot and David Scott as commander .
108 St . Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 , has 50 floors , is 39599 square meters and cost 120m Australian dollars .
RCA Records Candombe singer and artist Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with musicians Ciro Pérez and Hilario Perez .
Addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to Addiction , and addiction is also its subject .
Aaron S . Daggett was given the Purple Heart . He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness .
Originating from Spain , Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , where Susana Diaz is the leader .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled at Newport Pagnell .
The asteroid called 107 Camilla was discovered by A . Storrs on the epoch of Decemeber 31 , 2006 . It has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas in Spain at 610 metres above sea level .
Caterpillar Inc . was founded California in the United States . It is located in Illinois and provides the engine power type of the AIDAluna .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 . It has a mass of 8 . 3kgs and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
In Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , U . S . A lies Atlantic City International Airport . It serves the citizen of Atlantic city New Jersey , which is led by Don Guardian / .
Anders Osborne is an exponent of Rock music .
Bakso is food found in Indonesia .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India .
Birmingham , led by the Labour Party , was the birthplace of John Madin who was the architect that designed 103 Colmore Row .
Prokopis Pavloopoulos is a leader of Greece .
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States , where English is the language spoken .
The parent company of Costa Crociere , the owner of the AIDAstella , is Carnival Corporation & plc . The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruise Line and was built by Meyer Werft who are located in Papenburg .
Blues is the origin of Rock music , the style of musician Alan Frew .
The length of the first runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 12467 feet .
Aaron Bertram , who plays Ska punk , is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation .
Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Austin is part of Hays County , Texas , United States .
The stylistic origin of indie rock is new wave music and Garage rock . It uses guitars and is performed by Aaron Deer .
AFC Blackpool is based in the city of Blackpool where Gordon Marsden is one of the leaders . It is managed by the Footballer Stuart Parker who has represented the club KV Mechelen .
Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr , more commonly known as Buzz , has now retired . He is an American born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He obtained a doctorate in Science from MIT in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
Bakewell pudding or the variation bakewell tart , with ingredients such as fruit preserves , originates from the Derbyshire Dales , part of Derbyshire , where the leader is Patrick Mcloughlin .
John Buscema won an award at the Academy of Comic Book Arts .
The musical genre of Twilight is black metal , whose musical fusion is death metal . Aaron Turner plays electric guitar for Twilight and Greymachine .
In DeKalb County Georgia in the U . S . you will find Atlanta and Dunwoody which is the largest city in the county .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capital . White South Africans are one of several ethnic groups in the country . Also , one of the streets in the country is 11 Diagonal Street .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister . That was also when Juan Carlos I of Spain was the Monarch , he was the successor to Alfonso XIII of Spain .
The successor of Alfred Moore Scales was James Madison Leach .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 100 employees , 600 students and was established in 1996 . The country is led by Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Akeem Ayers debuted for the Tennessee Titans and also played for the Los Angeles Rams .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio ( part of Cuyahoga County ) in the U . S . It has 45 floors .
The Alhambra , powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine , is owned by London based company P & O . Alhambra had the length of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
Angola is a city in Indiana .
Suburban Legends member and SKA punk artist Aaron Bertram has non vocal talent and also plays with the Kids Imagine Nation band .
Al Asad Airbase is 618 ft above sea level and is located in Iraq .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere .
The comic character Balder , also known as Balder Odinson was created by Jack Kirby .
Walter Baade died in Gottingen .
107 Camilla was discovered by E . Wells and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , the leader of this country is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington , D . C . . They have an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
one of the ingredients of Binignit is Sweet potato .
At an elevation of 610 metres above seal level , Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , in Spain .
Fulton County is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia , in the United States . Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the leader of which is Alexis Tsipras and / or Nikos Voutsis .
Donal O ' Ceallaigh discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 SB , which has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 , an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 , a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 , and an apoapsis of 7715100000 . 0 km .
The debut team of Akeem Ayers was the Tennessee Titans and he also formerly played for the St Louis Rams .
Juan Carlos I of Spain ' s predecessor was Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Baked Alaska can be found in Hong Kong and the U . S . The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) .
The epoch of 1089 Tama , formerly known as " A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; " is 2005 - 11 - 26 and it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
Aaron Turner performs ambient music .
United States Democratic Party member and Lieutenant Governor of Texas Allan Shivers , was born in Lufkin , Texas . His successor was Price Daniel .
Spanish is a language spoken in Texas .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States , a country where the White Americans are an ethnic group .
Avocado , a member of the Lauraceae family , is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
There are 34 floors at 20 Fenchurch Street .
Barny Cakes can include milk and contain 1 . 8g of protein , 4 . 8g of fat and 18 . 0g of carbohydrates .
Above the Veil is 248 pages long and ISBN number is 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
Baymax first appeared in the Walt Disney Studios distributed film Big Hero 6 , starring Ryan Potter .
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall . Alan B Miller Hall was completed on the 1st June , 2009 and it is located at 101 Ukrop Way .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey .
One of the languages spoken in New York is Arabic and this is where Albert Jennings Fountain was born . Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Alpharetta , Georgia is located at 346 . 0 above sea level .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader .
Baymax was created by American , Duncan Rouleau .
Albany , Oregon is located at 64 . 008 above sea level and its population density is 1104 . 1 persons per sq . km . Its total area is 45 . 97 sq . km .
Abilene , Texas , is located in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar and its president is B . M . Reddy .
AFC Ajax operate Sportpark De Toekomst .
Bhajji originate from India where they are also known as Bhaji or bajji . One of the ingredients used is gram flour .
Turkey ' s largest city is Istanbul , the currency is the lira and the Turkish leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members , The team competed in the 2014 season .
Enrique Pena Nieto and Silvano Aureoles Conejo are leaders in Mexico where they eat Bionico .
SV Werder Breman plays in the Bundesliga .
Albany is a city in Oregon , United States . The country ' s capital city is Washington D . C and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there .
Akron Summit Assault have their ground at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , USA .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad which is operated by Arianespace .
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the city Kuttikkattoor , in the state of Kerala , India . There are 250 academic staff . Kearala is to the northwest Mahé , India , Mumbai is also the largest city in India .
Alfons Gorbach ' s birthplace is lmst in Tyrol County . He died in Styria in Graz .
Al Anderson , who once played with The Wildweeds , plays guitar in the rock band NRBQ .
Adam McQuaid plays for Boston Bruins .
Milan is the location of the plant that makes the Alfa Romeo which is similar to the Alfa Romeo 164 and the Lancia Thema . The Alfa Romeo 164 is also related to the Saab 9000 car .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music , was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band , and is associated with Bajik .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , a style that led to the creation of disco .
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who sings for a living and has played with Twilight and Greymachine band . Black metal music is an element of the fusion genre death metal .
Abner W . Sibal was a member of the Republican party of the United States .
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where one of the languages is German . it is also where the city of Antwerp is , which is served by Antwerp International Airport .
The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico which is located in the English speaking country of the United States .
King County Washington is in the U . S .
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero who are located in Brazil .
Penarol are managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva and Abel Hernandez is a member of their youth team . He also plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and he plays in the Uruguayan Segunda Division with Central Espanol .
Abdulsalami Abubakar lives in Nigeria , where the leader is Yemi Osinbajo .
Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman which first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by the BBC .
AFC Ajax ( amateur ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N . V . . Current tenants of this ground are Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the kingdom of Sarawak . He resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . His alma mater is University of Adelaide and his successor was Abdul Rahman .
Daniel Martinez is a political leader in Montevideo which is where Alfredo Zitarrosa died . Montevideo is in the country of Uruguay , the leader of which , is Tabaré Vázquez .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the club FC Karpaty Lviv , where the manager was Oleh Luzhny .
Abradab , from Poland , played with the band Kaliber 44 and is also associated with Magik , the rapper .
A - Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes , is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long and a top speed of 24 . 0 . It was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004 .
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque .
Alex Day who is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell , plays with the band Chameleon Circuit .
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , KY and was raised in Dothan , AL .
The Republic of Ireland is led by Enda Kenny and is inhabited by the Irish people who may use one of the official languages of Irish or English . The Republic is the location of Adare Manor .
Alan Bean , a US national , was selected by Nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar , who worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff .
A Long Long Way , written in English ( language of Great Britain ) was published in ireland by Viking Press . It was followed by the novel The Secret Scripture .
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . It is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its last flight took place on March 16 , 1998 .
Sportpark De Toekomst is the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) and it is operated by AFC Ajax .
Folk rock musician Alison O ’ Donnell was in the Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet bands .
The AMC Matador is assembled in Mexico City and was manufactured during 1971 .
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan .
Oliver Wyss is the manager of Orange County Blues FC . Akeem Priestley , whose club is Harbour View F . C . , is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club .
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport , as it is owned by the Flemish Region .
Aaron Hunt has played for the club SV Werder Bremen in the Bundesliga and also for VfL Wolfsburg who are managed by Dieter Hecking .
The AIDAstella was 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and was completed on March 11th 2013 .
Bananaman was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by the BBC . Tim Brooke - Taylor starred in the show , which was created by John Geering .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published in the United States by Soho Press .
Aaron Deer is an American from Indianapolis .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born on 1st July 1976 , is in the Al - Naft Club and plays for Al - Jaish SC in Syria .
Stuart Parker is part of the KV Mechelen Club and manager of A . F . C . Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpool . The leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , N . J . which is part of the state of New Jersey which located in the United States . the airport serves the city of Atlantic City which also located in the state of New Jersey , and the leader ' s name of this city is " Don Guardian " .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy . whose leader is Pietro Grasso and capital is Rome .
The AMC Matador is assembled at Port Melboune , Victoria .
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre , which gets it stylistic origins from pop music . It is derived from house music .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and his recording label was Floating World Records . Funk music is derived from Jazz .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , it ' s runway name is 15 / 33 it ' s length is 1800 . 0 and is 911 metres above sea level .
The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov , which has a Wartsila power type , was built at the Arctech Helsinki shipyard in Finland . It is 99 . 83 metres long and has a 21 . 2 m shipbeam .
Keyboard player Aaron Deer is an Indie Rock performer which has its origins in Garage Rock .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC and is the originating country of A Severed Wasp . The book is written in the English language as spoken in Great Britain .
The mayor is the leader of Antioch which is in the San Fransisco Bay Area in Contra Costa County in California and they Spanish is spoken .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1923 and located on Asilomar Blvd in Pacific Grove , California , is designed based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " .
Alan Shepard was born on the 18th of November 1923 .
Albennie Jones was born in the U . S . A , and her musical genre is rhythm and blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues , which originated from the blues .
Akeem Priestley , who played for Antigua GFC , is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club . The manager of the Orange County Blues FC is Oliver Wyss .
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for the club , Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C .
Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are main ingredients in Bakso .
Abradab is a solo singer who performs hip hop . Hip hop originated from jazz music and funk music . Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop .
200 Public Square , completed in 1985 , has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 .
The country of origin of the ALV X - 1 is the United States which has the capital of Waahington D . C . The inhabitants of the United States are called Americans but Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
In 2014 - 15 season , 1 FC Magdeburg played in the Regionalliga .
Broadcasting House is the home of the BBC which is based in London .
Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Abilene , Texas is part of Taylor County , Texas and is served by the Abilene regional airport .
Albert B . White was born on the 22nd of September , in 1856 , in Cleveland . He died at Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Jazz artist and solo singer , Albennie Jones , was born in the U . S . A , in 1914 .
Bionico contains : chopped fruit , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . It is from the Jalisco region of Mexico .
Abner was born on 30 May 1996 and played for the Brazilian national under 17 football team as well as Real Madrid Castilla .
The singer Andra was born in Romania .
The AIDS journal studiies HIV / AIDS .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India , 560090 . It was established in2000 and its president is B . M . Reddy . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan governs Regina , Saskatchewan .
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , Big Hero 6 .
A . C . Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in Cesena .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and died in the U . S .
Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate and won the Inkpot Award .
Former Atlanta Falcom player , Akeem Dent , was born on the 27th September 1987 . in Atlanta , Georgia .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , part of California , in the United States .
Alan Shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the United States Navy . He died in California .
Arepa is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States which uses the English language and includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups .
Abner . W . Sibal , a 26th District Senator from Connecticut , was born in Queens , and succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
The German language is spoken in Denmark where Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup in the Central Denmark region .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for the Austria national football team and is a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club .
Austin , part of Williamson County , is in Hays County , Texas . where the largest city is Round Rock . Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County , Texas .
The Ariane 5 had its last flight on December 18 , 2009 .
The leader of the United States is Barack Obama where Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups and A Severed Wasp was written in the English language .
William Anders was born in in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 , was a Fighter pilot , was a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew and retired on 1st September 1969 .
The American submarine , NR - 1 , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h , a draft of 4 . 6 m , and a beam of 3 . 8 metres .
The 14th New Jersey Voluntary Infantry Monument ( located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland , USA ) was established on the 11th July , 1907 . The nearest city is Frederick , Maryland . The Monument was provided by the National Park Service .
AEK Athens F . C . play in the Superleague Greece .
Al Anderson of the NRBQ band was born in Windsor , Connecticut , United States .
10 Hygiea was discovered by Annibale de Gasparis . It has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 . Its epoch date is 27th June 2015 .
Attica is in Fountain County , Indiana in the U . S . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C .
Rock music has its origins in Blues and Country . Bhangra is a fusion of Rock . Rock is the genre of artist Alan Frew .
Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey but the Ataturk monument is located in Izmir . The Turkish currency is known as the Turkish lira .
The architect of 3Arena ( on North Wall Quay ) was the company Populous .
The BBC , which broadcast Bananaman , is located in London and was founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reith .
The Filippino dish of binignit has sweet potatoes and coconut milk among it ' s ingredients .
The Atatürk Monument ( inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 ) in Izmir was designed by Pietro Canonica and is made of bronze . The Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey whose capital city is Ankara .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is FC Samtredia who play their home games at the Erosi Manjgaladze stadium .
Hamburger SV compete in the Bundesliga .
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of Derbyshire . Coming from the Derbyshire Dales region is Bakewell tart ( a variation of Bakewell pudding ) which has Frangipane as an ingredient .
the leader in Cleveland is Frank G Jackson .
Ahmet Ertegun , from the United States , comes from a non performing personnel background and his genre is rhythm and blues . Blues music gave us Rhythm and Blues and Rhythm and Blues gave us Disco .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport has an elevation of 610 . 0 meters above sea level and has a 3 , 5 km long runway called 14L / 32R .
Alessio Romagnoli is a defence player in the A . C . Milan club Serie A . whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović . Mr . Romagnoli also played for the Italy national under 19 football team .
The rocket , Antares , was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish . The Zamboangans and Ilocano people are both ethnic groups in the country .
American Sheldon Moldoff , who has won the Inkpot Award , created The Black Pirate , whose alternative name is Jon Valor .
Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane . He also owns Torini FC and has previously played for Atalanta BC .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County in California and is led by the United States House of Representatives . A language spoken in California is Chinese .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader .
The AMC Matador , which has a 1971 model , was assembled in Mexico .
Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States which is where Albany , Oregon is located .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States and falls under the category of Contributing property . Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of Adams County and to the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County , Maryland .
William M . O . Dawson is a member of the Republican Party of the United States .
E Wells discovered 107 Camilla , which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 .
Austin , Texas , is part of Williamson County , in the United States .
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader in Mexico where the food Bionico is found . It is a dish which , like ice cream , is served as a desert .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 , a mass of 4 . 0 kilograms and an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 .
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission . It is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the American Locomotive Company .
Condiments are used in the preparation of a bacon sandwich .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc . D in 1963 , after that he was hired by NASA in 1963 as a Fighter pilot . He was member of the Apollo 11 crew , that was a program organized by NASA .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the country of Romania , the capital of which is Bucharest . Romania ' s leader ( who has the title Prime Minister ) is Klaus Iohannis . The national anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă - te , române ! and the country has an ethnic group called Germans of Romania .
Footballer Alessio Romagnoli plays as a Defender .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England and made from rock . It is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . London is the capital of England and Arabs are an ethnic group . The Cornish language is spoken Cornwall .
The league that Al Kharaitiyat SC play in is the Qatar Stars League .
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis ( part of the French first republic ) , the leader of which is , Francis G . Slay .
The rocket , Antares ; has a diametre of 3 . 9 metres , was manufactured by Orbital ATK and its launch site was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The Antare ' s maiden flight was on January 9th , 2014 and final flight was on 28th October , 2014 .
United States House of Representatives is located in Washington DC .
The llocano people and the Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where Philippine Spanish is spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8mm long and was built by the Americn Locomotive Company founded in the US .
Rome is the capital of Italy where the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella . Amatriciana sauce can be found there and people are called Italians .
Tomato is one of the members of the order Solanales .
A key person at the BBC is Baron Hall of Birkenhead , Tony Hall .
The United States Air Force operates Al Asad airbase . They were involved in the US invasion of Panama and deploy the McDonnel Douglas F15 Eagle fighter aircraft .
Albennie Jones has worked with the musical artist Sammy Price and he performs rhythm and blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues , which is originated from blues music .
Big Hero 6 , a film distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , starred Jamie Chung and included the character Baymax .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ; served in the Nigerian Army , was in office while Mike Akhigbe ( who succeeded Oladipo Diya ) was Vice President , and was succeeded by , Al - Amin Daggash .
Amsterdam airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 5th runway is known as number 18 .
London is the capital of the U . K .
Barny Cakes contain 4 . 8g of fat and 18 . 0g of carbohydrates .
One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk .
Abraham A . Ribicoff died in the United States .
Agnes Kant , a Netherlands national , lived in Doesburg and worked at the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , the head of which is Emile Roemer . Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands .
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Ahmedabad , and was completed in 1995 . It is located in Gujarat , India .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell who publishes the Addiction Journal and the OCLC number for the Addiction journal is 27367194 .
The Bella Sky hotel in Copenhagen has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and tenanted by Marriott International .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia , in the United States . A English speaking country , where Barack Obama is the leader , and where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Albany , Georgia is in Dougherty County and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi .
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres .
1036 Ganymed has an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 kilometres .
Ajoblanco is a dish containing bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . It is also called Ajo blanco . It is found in the Andalusia region of Spain .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , which was founded in the year 2000 , is located in the Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Abilene , Texas , is part the U . S . where its capital is Washington , D . C .
Amarillo , Potter County , is located in English speaking , Texas ( capital : Austin ) , within the United States .
The diameter of the Antares rocket is 3 . 9 metres .
Al Anderson plays rock music with the NRBQ band and formerly with The Wildweeds band . Rock music originated from country music and banjo is an instrument associated with that music . Bhangra music is a musical fusion of rock .
Abarth was founded in Italy .
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia and includes lemon . Lemons are from the Sapindales order and of the rutaceae family .
The Antares rocket function is a medium expendable launch system and was manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office before launching from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is called Sparta Prague or FC Spartak Moscow .
The 1955 Dodge , also called the Dodge Custom Royal , uses a 3 - speed automatic transmission and has a V8 engine .
Adam Holloway worked as a member of Parliament for Gravesham .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain ( prior to his being succeeded by Alfonso XIII ) and while Felipe González was Prime Minister .
Alpharetta , Georgia has a total area of water of 1 . 0 sq km .
Aleksandra Kovac was a solo singer who performed pop music . Disco music contains elements of pop music and can be considered a fusion genre .
German is a language spoken in Denmark .
The capital of Texas in the USA is Austin . The language spoken in Texas is Spanish and it is the location of Andrews County airport .
The first AIDS journal was published in 1987 ; it studies HIV / AIDS and the ISSN number is 0269 - 9370 .
A . F . C . Blackpool , full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " , has 1500 members and a home ground in Blackpool . AFC Blackpool played in the 2014 - 15 North West Counties Football League season .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Greek born , Adonis Georgiadis , who was in office when the Prime Minister was , Antonis Samaras , who , was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Aleksander Barkov was born on 2nd September 1995 in Tampere , Finland and his draft team was the Florida Panthers .
The leader of Turkey , where the currency is the Turkish lira , is Ahmet Davutoglu . While the capital city is Ankara , the largest city in the country is Istanbul . Turkey is the location of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Alan Martin played football for Acrrington Stanley FC and also for Hamilton Academical FC based in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire .
A Loyal Character Dancer , written in English , published by Soho Press in the United States . The English language is spoken in Great Britain . One of the ethnic groups in the United States is African American .
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J . Davis was Vice President and Fountain id in the U . S .
The International Tennis Federation is the Governing Body of the sport of tennis .
Alessio Romagnoli who used to play for the Italy national under - 19 football team , is currently a defender for the A . C . Milan football club which plays in Serie A . Sinisa Mihajlovic is the manager of A . C . Milan .
Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich .
Alan Frew is a solo singer whose musical genre is rock music which has its stylistic origins in the Blues . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Athens is the capital of Greece .
Anderson is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana in the United States . It has a total area of 107 . 43 sq km and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per sq km .
In 1634 the Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and was then put into print .
Palo Seco is the ground for United Petrotin F . C .
The United States has the capital city of Washington DC and includes the ethnic group of African Americans among its population . The country is the location of Albany in Linn County , Oregon .
A Long Long Way comes from Ireland .
The AMC Matador , including the 1971 model is assembled in the USA and is related to the AMC Ambassador .
Antioch is found in Contra Costa County which is part of the San Francisco bay area . Being located in California one of the languages spoken is Vietnamese .
Afonso Pena International Airpor in São José dos Pinhais , is 2988 feet above sea level .
The musician Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs . His genre is alternative rock .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the U . S . and was married to Casey Ribicoff . He is American . An ethnic group in the U . S . are Native Americans .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War which included the Siege of Petersburg in which Alfred Moore Scales participated .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) has represented AFC Blackpool .
Aaron Turner played for the bands Greymachine and Old Man Gloom .
English is spoken in the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group and where Albany , Georgia can be found .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint . It was published in print and has an ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The president of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama in the United States .
AFC Ajax played in the 2014 - 15 Eredivisie season .
The Lancia Thema is related to the Saab 9000 .
The location identifier of Alpena County Regional airport is APN .
The manager of SV Werder Breman , is Viktor Skrypnyk . Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen which play in the Bundesliga . Aaron Hunt ' s club is the Germany national under - 21 football team .
The first runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which is a member of the order of Poales .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemunde .
Adam McQuaid was born in 1986 , in Charlottetown .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Ticino , Switzerland had an academic staff of 100 and 600 students study there . The dean is called Mario Botta .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was completed in 2000 is located in Adams County , Pennsylania . Adams County is to the north west of Carroll County , Maryland .
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg .
The Antares rocket launch site was the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport and it ' s final flight took place on 18 September 2013 .
Angola , Indiana is part of the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans .
Alex Plante ' s birth place is Brandon , Manitoba where the leader is Drew Caldwell .
Houston Texans reside in Texas , which is Akeem Dent ' s former team .
Alan B . Miller Hall was completed on June 1st , 2009 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm but formerly played for FC Spartak Moscow at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Texas is the location of Andrews County Airport and has the capital of Austin . The local inhabitants are Texans and the language spoken is English .
William Anders walked in space 8820 . 0 minutes .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut , was married to Ruth Ribicoff . Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York and wasa national of the United States , the country where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Adolf Scharf was born in Austria - Hungary .
The Democratic Party of the U . S . headquarters on South Capitol Street .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Eric Flint , is available in print form and has 448 pages .
Indonesian is the language of Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is leader and where the Chinese dish Bakso can be found .
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 1 , 121 .
The All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology .
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina , where Spanish , is the official language .
The asteroid called 10 Hygiea , has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and an average speed of 16 . 76 km per sec .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States .
barny cakes can be made with apple .
The birthplace of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo , Uruguay . The country ' s leader is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez while the city is led by Daniel Martinez .
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica .
250 Delaware Avenue ( which has a total of 12 floors ) is located in the United States .
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which is broadcast by STV and first aired on 3 October 1983 .
Sportpark De Toekomst is owned and operated by AFC Ajax NV and their tenants include AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) and the Ajax Youth Academy .
FC Terek Grozny is managed by Rashid Rakhimov and his ground is located in Grozny . Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for both FC Alania Vladikavkaz and FC Terek Grozny .
Bionico is a Mexican food which is served as a dessert . Sandesh can also be served as a dessert . Spanish is spoken in Mexico and its leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
AIP Advances is devoted to the study of physics .
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
The guitar is played in indie rock music .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the language is Tamil .
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC and previously played for Broadwood Stadium based Clyde FC where Barry Ferguson is the manager .
Faversham born Adam Holloway studied at Magdalene College Cambridge and served in the Grenadier Guards .
Aaron Turner , of the band Lotus Eaters , is a performer of black metal music .
Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , that was preceded by Grantville Gazette II .
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil which is available in hardcover .
Almond ( class : flowering plant ) , is an ingredient in ajoblanco .
Bhajji originate from India where the Indian people are led by T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
Singer , Andra , is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with Andreea Bălan . Funk and Disco are derivatives ofRhythm and blues , which originated from blues music .
Elliot See died in St Louis on February 28 , 1966 . .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is led by the city manager , has a total area of 74 . 33 sq kms and a population density of 1580 . 7 per sq km .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino was established 1996 . It has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600 .
Synthpop musician Alex Day became active in 2006 and is associated with the band Chameleon Circuiut and Charlie McDonnell . He was born in the London Borough of Havering .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca . It is located in Alagoas .
Andrew White of the Kaiser Chiefs began his career in 2003 and is associated with Marry Banilow . He is currently signed to Fiction record label and was formerly singed to the now defunct Universal Records .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba .
The character Auron , was created by Kark Kesel and Marv Worlfman , .
The country of Akron , Ohio , is United States .
The Visvesvaraya Technological University affiliated Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west . Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda I .
Agustin Barboza , who died in Asuncion , was born in Paraguay where one of the ethnic groups is called Mestizo . Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay , where the Spanish language is spoken .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC , which is located in Al Khor . He also played for Al - Zawra ' a SC .
Austin , Texas is in the United States .
Alessio Romagnoli , a member of A . S . Roma , is a member of the A . C . Milan club which play in Serie A . Siniša Mihajlović is the manager for A . C . Milan .
109 Felicitas ; has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , a mass of 7 . 5kgs , and its periapsis is , 283326000000 . 0 .
The ALV X - 1 is from the United States , where the leader is , the President of the United States . Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States . the country where the people are called Americans and where White Americans are an ethnic group .
Agra Airport is elevated 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
Asser Levy Public Baths located on 23rd Street , Manhattan was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 and has the reference number 80002709 .
Tirstrup is located in part of the Central Denmark region . Tirstrup is home to Aarhus Airport ; its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Andrews County airport is located in Texas ( which speaks English ) but uses Tejano as their demonym .
The AIDS journal , first published in 1987 , comes under the academic discipline HIV .
Denmark is led by a Monarch .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan which is in the United States . Ann Arbor is part of Michigan but the largest city is Detroit and the capital is Lansing .
Elliot See was an American who attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . He was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927 and died in St Louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
The ELA - 3 is operated by Arianespace .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University ( Latin name - Universitas Apulensis ) is located in Alba , Romania . Its rector is Breaz Valer Daniel .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English and originated in the United States . English is the national language spoken in Great Britain . In the U . S . there are many Asian Americans which help form many different ethnic groups .
Bananaman last aired on April 15th 1986 .
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company , which was succeeded by the Rover Company .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov is 99 . 83 metres long .
Auburn is part of Washington State in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC .
3Arena , completed in December 2008 is located at North Wall , Dublin . HOK SVE was the architect .
Paul Ryan is a leader in the U . S .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for FC Dallas and the El Salvador national football team .
Born , 30th May 1996 , the footballer , Abner , plays for Coritiba Football Club and for Real Madrid Castilla .
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and is in the FC Terek Grozny club based at Grozny .
Auburn is to be found in Lee County , Alabama . It is situated in the United States which includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups .
People from South Africa can say they are from South Africa .
The Dodge manufactured 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom . DeSoto Custom is a related means of transport to Chrysler Newport and The successor of the DeSoto Custom automobile was the DeSoto Firedome .
The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada .
Alfons Gorbach ' s birthplace in the County of Tyrol . He was in office while President Adolf Schärf was there .
The asteroid 11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1 , 513 . 722 days . Its epoch is November 26th , 2005 while its periapsis is 296 , 521 , 000 kilometres and it an apoapsis of 475 , 426 , 000 kilometres .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 as a Fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 8 . He retired on September 1st in 1969 .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans and where the capital is Washington DC .
AEK Athens F . C . who ' s grounds are in Athens , play in the Superleague Greece , the previous champions of which were Olympiacos FC .
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg in which Robert E Lee was a commander .
Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes is located in London and provides the power for the Alhambra which is owned by P & O and built by the Samuda Brothers .
Ab Klink was born on 2 November 1958 in Stellandam . He is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte and has the euro as it ' s currency .
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer . Funk and disco have their origins in , blues influenced , R & B .
James Craig Watson was a Canadian national , who died in Madison , Wisconsin and discovered 103 Hera .
Auburn is part of Washington state , in the United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C .
Turkmenistan airlines operated Ashgabat International Airport which is located 211 metres above sea level in Ashgabat . It has a runway name of 11 / 39 which is 2989 . 0 in length .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines , a country where the official language is Philippine English . It is also where one of the other languages is Arabic . Additionally , it is where the Ilocano people and Zamboangans are two of the ethnic groups .
Above the Veil , by Garth Nix , is available in hardcover .
Alan Frew performs rock music , a genre that has the blues as its stylistic origin .
Baymax was created by the American , Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle . The character appeared in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 was awarded the Distinguished service Medal from the Navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal has died and deceased .
Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and Koto Samarahan representative Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia , 05 / 21 / 1936 . He resides in Kuching .
Located in the region of Ampara District , in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , is Ampara Hospital . It has a bed count of 476 and has a website < http : / / www . ghampara . gov . lk / > .
' Above the Veil ' authored by Garth Nix has a OCLC number of 46451790 .
In Spain , the language spoken is Spanish . Spain contains regions such as Andalusia , where Ajoblanco originates from . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia , where as Felipe Vl is the leader of Spain .
200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metres .
Spain is led by Felipe VI . Spaniards are the main ethnic group in the country . Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spain . One of the leaders of Andulucia is Susana Diaz .
Ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 3rd runway has a length of 2953 feet .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . He was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein and has also written DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician for the band United Bible Studies and is an artist for the band Mellow Candle .
The creators of the comic character Ballistic were Michael Manley and Doug Moench .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria which is led by Doris Bures . Austrians speak German .
' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' was written by Eric Flint and was preceded by ' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' .
The Battle of Salem Church in which Aaron S Daggett fought occurred during the American Civil War where Robert E . Lee was a commander .
The runway length of Afonso Pena International Airport is 2215 . 0 .
300 North LaSalle is in Illinois , United States .
Angola , Indiana is in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Andrew Rayel , who plays trance music , is associated with musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
The main ingredients of Bionico , a dish from the Guadalaraja region of Mexico , are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club which is in the Qatar Stars League .
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India , where the currency is the Indian rupee and Indians is the name given to the people that live there . The dish bhajji originates from India .
Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece where the demonym for the local people is Greeks . The country is the location of Athens International Airport which serves the city of Athens .
American Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 and died in St . Louis February 28th , 1966 .
Alfons Gorbach , born in Imst , Austria , was a politician from the Austrian People ' s Party , and died in Graz , in Styria .
A . D . Isidro Metapán play in a league called the Salvadoran Primera Division and is based in Metapan , El Salvador .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has the latin name Universitas Aarhusiensis .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 and it has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) has the ISSN number 1046 - 8188 and the LCCN number 89646863 . It is part of the academic discipline of Computer Science .
A T Charlie Johnson , of AIP Advances , is from the United States and has Stanford University for an Alma mater .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York . He died on 1 February 1896 in Dona Ana County , New Mexico , US .
109 Felicitas has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team .
The United States , which uses the English language , is populated by Americans , including the ethnic group of Native Americans . The city of Albany is located in the country in Dougherty County , Georgia .
Akeem Ayers ' draft round was 2 .
The 5 . 4m wide Ariane 5 has had 2 partial failures .
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University which is located in Ithaca New York . The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups .
Alberto Teisaire worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Airey Neave was a soldier in the Royal Artillery , which had a garrison at Hohne . He fought in World War II , in which Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander .
Aaron Turner is a singer whose music is Post Metal .
AZAL PFK competed in the season 2014 .
The rocket , Antares , has a diametre of 3 . 9 metres .
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of Apollo 14 .
Abner currently plays for Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis , and also for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and Coritiba Football Club .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is a member of the El Salvador national football team .
Peter Stöger , previously a player for SC Wiener Neustadt , is now in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club and managing 1 . FC Köln . His club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio and it was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
Akeem Priestley ' s youth club was Harbour View F . C .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where there is a ethnic group called Zamboangans and the language is Philippine English .
Aaron Bertram plays pop music for the Suburban Legends band .
Al Kharaitiyat SC is in the Qatar Stars League .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is in print . The book has 448 pages and the ISBN number is 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina , is a member of the Justicialist Party .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB , which was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons , has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 and an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 . The measurement of the apoapsis and periapsis is 7715100000 and 3997100000000 . 0 kms respectively .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and its ICAO identifier is VIAG .
South Africa is the location of 11 Diagonal Street , and is home to the ethnic group of Asian South Africans . Jacob Zuma is a leader of the country .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , US , is the Mayor of Albuquerque .
The book The secret Scriptures , published by Faber and Faber , is the follow - up to the novel A Long Long Way which was written in Ireland . One of the ethnic groups of Ireland is White People .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Atlantic City , New Jersey is located .
Claude Bartolone leads France .
Located in London , the BBC , broadcast Bananaman .
103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in the city . The architectural style of 103 Colmore Row falls under Brutalist architecture .
David Cameron is leader of the United Kingdom , which is home to the bacon sandwich . A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , which is itself a variation of a club sandwich .
Asser Levy Public Baths are found in New York City , Manhattan , New York , in the U . S . . Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders of Manhattan .
Alexandria , Indiana is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
The height of 3Arena is 28 . 0 metres .
Alpena County Regional Airport city served Alpena , Michigan .
The author of Aenir is Garth Nix .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V - 2 ship ' s beam measures 24 . 4 and its length is 192000 millimetres . It comes from Argentina , whom it was sold to on October 15 , 1968 .
Bhajji originate from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and TS Thakur is the leader .
Alfred Moore Scales came from the U . S , where one of the ethnic groups is , African American . One of the battles Alfred Moore Scales was involved in was the Battle of Gettysburg , during the American Civil War , where one of the commanders was , Jefferson Davis .
Sweet potatoes from the order of Solanles are in binignit recipes .
The location of Caterpillar Inc . is Illinois but it was founded in California . Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . and the power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine .
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Bella Center .
Christopher Taylor , politician , leads Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal , the genre of Aaron Turner , who is a singer , that performed for House of Low Culture .
200 Public square is in Cleveland , USA .
The Acura TLX is assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
The academic discipline of The Aids Journal , first published in 1987 , is HIV / AIDS .
England ' s capital is London .
Aaron Turner whose musical genre is Avant - garde metal , played with the band Twilight .
The genre of Al Anderson is rock music .
Juan Carlos I of Spain preceded Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan , who was born in California .
A Bandeja Paisa uses the ingredient of a lemon and its included in the order of the Sapindales .
General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat , which is located in Groton , Connecticut , and built the NR - 1 submarine , which is 450000 . 0 mm millimetres long .
The Audi A1 is a hatchback assembled in Brussels , Belgium . It has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 6 speed manual gearbox .
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . It was designed by the architect , John Madin , Who was born in Birmingham . It has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC who play in the Qatar Stars League and are located in Al Khor and are managed by Amar Osim . He also plays for Sanat Mes Kerman FC .
Aaron Boogaard ' s draft team is Minnesota Wild where Chuck Fletcher is the general manager .
Honda makes the Acura TLX which possesses a Honda J . Engine . Acura is a division of Honda .
The Atlas II , launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base , is manufactured by Lockheed Martin in the United States .
The Aston Martin V8 , assembled in the UK , is manufactured by Aston Martin , and is succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage . The United Kingdom capital is London .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and was established in the year 2000 . Franklin County ( to the west ) and Cumberland County ( to the north ) are nearby counties in Pennsylvania . Carroll County , Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England and his Alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge . Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005 and was in the Grenadier Guards , in the military .
The discoverer of 101 Helena is the Canadian James Craig Watson . His alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas which is part of the U . S . A . and is included in Taylor County . The airport ' s runway length is 2 , 195 .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the united States . The largest city in the US is New York .
Condensed milk is used in bionico which comes from the region of Jalisco .
Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
Andrew White is a musician signed to London based Polydor Records . He performs alternat8ve rock - whpse musical fusion genre is nu metal , and has its origins in New wave music .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Miri , Malaysia , is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India was established in 2001 . The Ganges is a river in India .
Irish folk musician , Alison O ' Donnell , was once signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records . Her record label is Deram Records which is based in London .
Alan Frew ' s musical genre is Alternative rock .
ENAIRE in the city of Madrid ( part of the community of Madrid ) is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport in Alcobendas , Spain .
11264 Claudiomaccone , which has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 , is an asteroid with the average speed of 18 . 29 km per sec and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . It ' s apoapsis is 475426000 kilometres and the periapsis is 296521000 . 0 kilometres .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport is KABI .
The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc . , has a length of 252000 . 0 mms and it ' s christening date was 4 April 2004 .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia . In Indonesia , the Indonesian language is spoken , and the capital city is Jakarta . Types of food include Bakso which originates from Chinese cuisine .
Juan Peron was in office while Hortensio Quijano was vice president .
The Polish Academy of Sciences , based in Poland , is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Austria - Hungary and died in Graz .
St . Vincent - St Mary High School in Akron , Ohio is where Akron Summit Assault is located .
10 Hygiea , with the former name A900 GA , has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 27th June 2015 .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , whose leader is called Rahm Emanuel .
Albany is the largest city in Linn county which is in Oregon .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Indonesian dish Arem Arem includes the filling compressed rice , ( cooked in a banana leaf ) with vegetables or minced meat .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party which is associated with the colour blue . He was in office at the time that Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . Samaras had the deputy Evangelos Venizelos and was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled in Arese , and the Saab 9000 are similar means of transport .
Aenir , written by Australians , is the prequel to Above the Veil .
Suwałki born Adam Koc fought in the Polish - Soviet War , where Leon Trotsky was a commander and which was part of the Russian Civil War .
Angola is a city in Indiana , the capital of which is Indianapolis .
The country of origin of the ALV X - 1 is the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched on its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is also known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " is considered a mid - size luxury executive car .
Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and by Steven T . Seagle . Damon Wayans , Jr . starred in the film version of Big Hero 6 .
Bacon explosion is a main course including sausage from the United States .
Albennie Jones performs jazz music and he is a solo singer . He was born in Errata , Mississippi in 1914 .
The land area , of Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , is 486 . 2 square kilometres .
With a staff compliment of 250 , AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , the leader of that state is named Kochi .
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia .
Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy includes tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil , chili pepper . Basil can also be included if you like .
The club Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel and T . S . Thakur was an Indian leader .
The United Kingdom ' s Labour Party is the leader of Manchester , where Alfred Garth Jones was born .
J . V , Jones is the author of the hardcovered book , A Fortress of Grey Ice .
William M O Dawson ( b Bloomington , Maryland ) succeeded Albert B White .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC .
Abraham A Ribicoff is a US National , having been born in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Len Wein is an Inkpot Award winner .
Bananaman a BBC TV series which stars Bill Oddie first aired on 3rd of October , 1983 .
Atlas II , US born , was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . It has a diameter of 3 . 04 m . and its final flight took place Dec . 5 , 2002 .
Aaron Hunt played for the club SV Werder Bremen which is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk .
Italians inhabit Italy where the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . Along with Frank Borman he was a crew member on Apollo 8 . He retired on 1969 . 09 . 01 .
110 Lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who served on the Apollo 14 crew . He was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 and died in California .
Bacon and sausage make up a bacon explosion .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow , whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena . He has previously represented Sparta Prague and FC Amkar Perm , which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
A - Rosa was built by Neptun Werft , a company located in Rostock in Germany . Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader in the country and the people that live there are called Germans .
Bakso is a Chinese dish which can be found in Indonesia , the country where Joko Widodo is the leader , Jakarta is the capital and Indonesian is the language spoken .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids .
Former The Wildweeds member , Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ , the genre of which , is Country Music .
Bakso is a food found in indonesia and also a dish , where one of the ingredients is ground beef .
Rostock based AIDA Cruises owns the AIDAluna which has a Caterpillar Inc engine .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where English ( language of Great Britain ) is spoken . Barack Obama was the previous president of the US and Asian Americans are amongst the population there .
The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur .
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes .
Joachim Gauck is the leader of Germany where the inhabitants are known as Germans . Neptun Werft , who built the A - Rosa , is located in the country at Rostock .
The architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row was born in Birmingham which has the B postcode and is led by the Liberal Democrats .
Tomato is part of the flowering plant division .
Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim ( California ) , which is led by the California State Assembly , located in the California State Capitol . One of the language spoken in California , is Spanish .
Albert Jennings Fountain , who was born in the US , where African Americans are an ethnic group . He fought in the American Civil War and a commander in this war was Jefferson Davis .
The ALCO RS - 3 is built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . It has a length of 17068 . 8 mms , 12 cylinders and a V12 engine .
Austin ( located in Travis County ) , is part of Williamson County , Texas , the largest city of which is , Round Rock .
103 Hera , which has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days , was discovered by James Craig Watson who was a Canadian national who died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Switzerland has a Federal Chancellor as its leader and is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio , Ticino . The current Dean is Mario Botta and there are 600 students at the Accademia which was established in 1996 .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region , which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia . , in Spain , which leader is Felipe VI of Spain , the name of the people is Spaniards .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and died at Parkersburg , West Virginia . His successor was William M . O . Dawson .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 was a part of the 2014 – 15 Lega Pro season .
Batagor is an Indonesian dish that has the main ingredients of fried fish dumplings , tofu , vegetables and peanut sauce .
RoPS plays in the Veikkausliiga .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand which is 34 meters above sea level . The airport has a runway name of 07 / 25 with a length of 518 . 0 . and a 3rd runway with a surface made of poaceae .
Desserts include cookies and Baked Alaska which comes from France where French is the national language .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States .
Solo singer Ace Wilder plays Hip hop . The music comes from funk and disco and in turn drum and bass are derived from hip hop .
Born in New York City , Albert Jennings Fountain , was a member of the United States republican party and worked as President pro tempore of the Texas Senate .
Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland , where English is the main language used by the Irish . The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny , and the currency used is the Euro .
Paraguay born Agustin Barboza died in Asunción , which is part of Gran Asunción .
Acoustic music is the genre of Alex Day , who started performing in 2006 . Born in the London Borough of Havering , he is associated with the musical artist , Charlie McDonnell and the band , Chameleon Circuit .
Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated to Association of MBAs and is the alma mater of Ab Klink , who was born in the Netherlands and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region and is part of Colombian cuisine .
Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders in Belgium , the capital city of which is Brussels . In Belgium is Antwerp which is served by Antwerp International Airport .
Alexandria is part of Madison County and is located in Indiana , United States .
The parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States is Johns Hopkins University . It is the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics which comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India , 560090 . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax NV and is the ground for AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) .
The Dodge 1955 has a straight - six engine and a station wagon style body .
Bakewell tart includes fruit preserves among it ' s ingredients . It is a variant of Bakewell pudding and comes from the region of the Derbyshire Dales .
200 Public Square is located Cuyahoga County , Cleveland Ohio . Frank G Jackson is leader in Ohio .
Allan Shivers was Lieutenant Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Shabab Al - Ordon Club .
Ankara is Turkey ' s capital city and the country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey . The country ' s currency is the Turkish Lira and the Atatürk Monument is located in the country .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , which originated from the blues . Funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the German language is spoken .
Blue ' s artist Anders Osborne record label is Okeh Records .
Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music . Mr . Rayel knows musical artists John Digweed and Jwayden Moyine .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greece . Two of the leaders of which are , Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipra . The demonym of the inhabitants of Greece is Greeks .
Alan Shepard is deceased . His birth place was New Hampshire where he was selected by NASA in 1959 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner is located . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed at the Battle of Baku , the capital city .
Beef kway teow , a dish from Singapore and Indonesia , contains palm sugar .
The apoapsis of 1099 Figneria is 605718000 . 0 kms .
Duncan Rouleau created Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 .
Arem - arem is a dish commonly served in Indonesia where the spoken language is Indonesian and Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an epoch date of 27th August 2011 and its rotation period is 7637 . 76 .
The celestial body 1000 Piazzia was formerly known as 1923 NZ1951OB . It has an orbital period of 488160 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . Its epoch is 27th June 2015 .
In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karataka , India . The President of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate students .
In almost unrelated facts both Asian Americans and the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians come from the U . S .
Johns Hopkins University published the American Journal of Mathematics which has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 . It is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press and based in the United States .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia which is part of Alba County , Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the country ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis . One of the ethnic groups here are the Germans of Romania .
The United States ha the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Abilene which is part of Taylor County in Texas .
Connecticut ' s 4th Congressional District representative and 26th District member , Abner W . Sibal , was born in Ridgewood , Queens . He was Donald J . Irwin ' s successor .
The 320 South Boston Building formally known as the Exchange National Bank Building was completed in 1929 and has 22 floors and is 121 . 92 meters .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the the state of Kerala , India . The largest city in India is Mumbai .
AS Roma play in the Serie A league where Juventus FC are the champions . Their manager is Luciano Spalletti who has been associated with Udinese Calcio .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and his alma mater is Stanford University . He is the editor of AIP Advances which has the ISSN number of 2158 - 3226 .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co . Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX which has a 2 . 4 litre engine .
The Arian 5 was built at the ESA and at Arianespace . It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre and last flw on 27th September 2003 .
The comic character , The Arrow , was created by Paul Gustavson .
Texas , which is the location of Andrews County airport , is located in the United States . The local inhabitants are known as Tejano and the Spanish language is spoken .
Ampara Hospital has a website : http : / / www . ghampara . gov . lk / .
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport , and its runway is called 10L / 28R .
Scott Adsit provides the voice for the character Baymax .
As a member of the Apollo 12 crew , Alan Bean ( birth name Alan LaVern Bean ) spent 100305 minutes in space . Nasa ' s Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott .
Two door coupe is the body style of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
Ampara hospital is located in Ampara district .
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture . They are located in New York City and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number of 80002709 .
Alan Shepard retired on August 1 , 1974 .
Akeem Dent ' s former team was the Houston Texans .
Carroll County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania , where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located .
The editor of AIP Advances , abbreviated to AIP Adv , is A . T . Charlie Johnson who lives in the U . S . and his alma mater is Harvard University .
10000 members to date , AD Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan .
Alan Shepard died in California . California ' s senator was Dianne Feinstein and Benitoite is the gemstone .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico . The leader of the country is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Sandesh is also a dessert .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is made with rock .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) originates from Andalusia in Spain . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
The Mason School of Business is located in Alan B Miller Hall in the United States .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s place of birth was Connecticut and he died in the U . S . He was Governor of that state and John N . Dempsey was his successor .
Batchoy is from The Philippines , which includes the Zamboangan people .
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and the university is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Alan Shepard was from the United States .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 . He spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
The leader of New Mexico ' s House of Representatives is Don Tripp .
A . C . Cesena is in the Serie B league . They have 23900 members and their ground is located in Italy .
Auburn is located in Lee County , Alabama which is located in the United States and Auburn has ethnic groups thst include Asian Americans .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and played in 2015 .
Ajoblanco originates from Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI and the currency is the Euro .
The author of A Wizard of Mars is Diane Duane and the print format has an OCLC number of 318875313 and an ISBN number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Bhangra music is part of the rock music . Anders Osborne is a rock musician who signed records with Chicago based Alligator Records and the Shanachie Records .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States , where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans . The US is the location of Amarillo , which is part of Randall County in Texas .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Spain , belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has 34 floors which cover an area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . The Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " and the School is now affiliated with the European University Association . There are 1600 students and 737 academic staff .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where one of the languages is Arabic . It is also where there are several ethnic groups , two of which are Zamboangans and Igorot people .
Alan Shepard , who was born on November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire has died in California . One of his great achievements in life was being chosen by NASA in 1959 .
Batagor is a variation of Shumai and it uses peanut sauce .
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and was in the Democratic party and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) . His successor was Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr .
Buzz Aldrin was born Jan 20 , 1930 . He was a member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA , where William Anders was a backup pilot . Aldren served as a fighter pilot and is now retired .
One of the Royal Artillery ' s garrisons was in Hohne .
Akeem Priestley played for the Orange County Blues FC , the manager of which is Oliver Wyss .
Dick Dillian is from the United States .
Paraguayan Guarania performer Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay . He is signed to Philips Records .
Adonis Georgiadis , whose successor was Makis Voridis , was in office while Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis were Prime Ministers .
Andrew White was signed to the record label Fiction and also to Polydor records which is based in London . His musical genre is alternative rock from which nu metal is a musical fusion .
Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada which is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
Aleksander Barkov Jr ' s birthdate is Sept . 2 , 1995 in Tampere , Finland . He was drafted to the Florida Panthers team .
Walter Baade , who was born in the German empire , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He graduated from University of Gottingen and his doctoral student was Halton Arp .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , whose alma mater was the University of Michigan . and who died from peritonitis .
Austin is part of Williamson County , Texas and is located in Travis County . Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County , Texas , where Round Rock is the largest city .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbrv . ACM Trans . Inf . Syst ) has the CODEN code ' ATISET ' . It ' s ISSN and LCCN numbers are 1046 - 8188 and 89646863 respectively .
The American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States and has the OCLC number 1480153 .
Caterpillar Inc . was founded in California , the United States , but is now located in Illinois . Douglas R . Oberhelman is the key person at the company . The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan ( capital : Lansing ) .
Eric Flint wrote the book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " and is 512 pages long . It can be found in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Almonds are from the Rosaceae family .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India which is southeast of Mahe , India .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . S . Roma who play in the Serie A League . He is also a member of the A . C . Milan club who are managed by Sinisa Mihajolovic .
John Cowper Powys died in Blaenau Ffestinlog .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan . The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and the Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in the country .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country where Alfred Moore Scales lived . One of the battles Alfred Moore Scales was involved in was the Battle of Gettysburg , which took place during the American Civil War . A commander in the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis .
Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol ' s youthclub .
The ALV X - 1 had one failed launch .
The birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo , in Uruguay , the leaders of which are , Tabare Vazquez and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
With 23 floors and 814 rooms , AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has for a tenant Marriott International .
Alberto Teisaire , who was with the Justicialist Party , was in office while Juan Perón was president . He died in Buenos Aires where Gabriela Michetti is the leader .
Arabic is spoken in Michigan .
Ahmed Kadhim Assad plays for Al Shorta SC and his club is Esteghlal Ahvaz F C , which is managed by Adnan Hamad .
Anders Osborne is a Rock musician and Bhangra is a fusion genre partly originating from Rock .
The periapsis of 11264 Claudiomaccone is at 296521000 . 0 kilometres .
Alvah Sabin , born October 23 , 1793 , was a member of the Whig Party ( United States ) . Daniel Webster was one of the leaders of the party .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed to the Osmosys Records label .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , a dish from the region of Singapore , which can also be found in Indonesia .
Abner W . Sibal , who was born in Ridgewood , Queens , worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District . He represented Connecticut ' s 4th Congressional District and was succeeded by Donald J . Irwin .
The manager of SV Werder Breman is Viktor Skrypnyk .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina .
Al Anderson is a singer for the band NRBQ and they perform rock music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music . Rock music came from country music .
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
Akron Summit Assault play at the St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio , USA .
The city of Alderney is served by Alderney Airport . This airport has a runway length of 497 . 0 metres and its 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , New York , United States . The airport also serves the city of Lake Placid , N . Y .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick and it was completed in 1862 . Its architect is George Richard Pain .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain , and was published in the United States , a country where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D . C .
Augustus Pugin ( born in Bloomsbury ) was the architect of Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster . Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres and an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy ( Jong Ajax ) .
Cubanelle is in Arros negre , a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama in the U . S .
A Wizard of Mars is American Literature . Native Americans are the original ethnic group of that country .
Bolt ( Larry Bolatinsky ) is a comic character that was created by both Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon who is a national of Puerto Rico .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Indonesia and Malaysia . Its main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Barny cakes come from France and are made with sponge cake .
Antwerp is in the country of Belgium .
Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in California , U . S . That company ' s engine powered the AIDAluna .
Aleksandr Chumakov , who was born in Moscow where the leader is Sergey Sobyanin , was a member of the Soviet Union national football team . His club is FC Torpedo Moscow where the manager is Valery Petrakov .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km / s .
Airey Neave , who was born in Kinightsbridge and took part in World War II , began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Alan Shepard ' s Distinguished Service Medal from the U . S . Navy ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Angola International airport , located in Icolo e Bengo , is 159 metres above sea level , has a runway named " South Runway " , which is 4000 . 0 in length .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the capital of which is Athens and the country is headed by Alexis Tsipras .
Alan Frew , from Newmarket , Ontario ( Canada ) , started performing in 1983 .
The Democratic Party headquarters are in Washington , D . C . .
Ariane 5 was made by Arianespace and launched at Guiana Space Centre . Their final flight was December 18th , 2009 .
Allan Shivers served in the U . S . Democratic Party , was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and was succeeded by Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr .
A Wizard of Mars was written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain . However it is published in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
Salem is the capital of Oregon , the state where Albany is located , in the United States . The country where Americans live and where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Distinguished Service Medal from United States Navy ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
The AMC Matador is a mid - size station wagon that has a AMC straight - 6 engine and it is made in Mexico City . Rambler Matador is another name for this car .
Peter Stoger plays for FK Austria Wien .
English is spoken in Great Britain and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in it but comes from the U . S . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States and the capital city is Washington D . C .
The musical genre of the band NRBQ is country music .
With an epoch date of 31 December 2006 , 109 Felicitas , has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
Arros negre , which contains squid , comes from the region of the Valencian Community .
The capital of the United States is Washington DC , and the country is the location of Alpharetta , in Georgia .
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in the year 2000 is located in the city of Bangalore , state of Karnataka , India . There are 700 postgraduate students and the President is B M Reddy . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle . Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Maya Rudolph .
Chrysler Newport , DeSoto Custom and the 1955 Dodge are all cars .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas in the U . S . Washington is the capital of the U . S . and Native Americans are an ethnic group there .
Anaheim is in Orange County , California which is part of the Greater Los Angeles area .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham in the U . K . , is a member of the Conservative Party in the British Empire . He became a politician officially on May 5th , 2005 .
Aaron Hunt has previously played for both SV Werder Bremen under their manager Viktor Skrypnyk and also Hamburger SV which is a member of the Bundesliga .
Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War , a conflict that Adam Holloway was involved in . Adam Holloway , served in the Grenadier Guards and is a national of the United Kingdom , the capital of which , is London .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is led by Susana Mendoza .
Bill Marriot is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington D . C . and is now located in Bethesda Maryland as well as being the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
The book " A Fortress of Grey Ice " can be found in print .
The Ariane 5 has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres and has had 2 partial failures .
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark where Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region .
Aleksander Barkov Jr previously played for the team Tappara .
Aaron Deer is a singer .
The Administrative Science Quarterly has a OCLC number of 1461102 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire ( US ( .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country where Ahmet Ertegun is from .
Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji .
Antwerp International airport services ( Charles Michel ) led Antwerp , Belgium . German is spoken here . .
Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 , which has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
109 Felicitas , has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres , and a rotational period of 47487 . 6 .
Alfred Garth Jones ( UK ) was born in Englandand died in Sidcup .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . Its maiden flight took place on 9 January 2014 and the final flight on 13 July 2014 .
With a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , Anaheim , California ( United States ) , is led by the California State Assembly , which is part of the California State Legislature .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated Acta Palaeontol . Pol , with ISSN number 0567 - 7920 , is in the academic discipline of paleobiology .
Alan Shepard who was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire was selected by NASA in 1959 .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay , where the leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez . He died in Montevideo .
The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on April 21st , 2013 from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
1097 Vicia was formerly known as " 1928 PC " .
Aleksandr Chumakov has played for FC Torpedo Moscow , where the manager is Valery Petrakov and the chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov .
An alternative name for the comic character Bolt is Larry Bolatinsky .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . It is published as an E book .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Aarhus has a Magistrate as its government .
Suburban Legend performs pop music .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and then went on to become a test pilot . He joined NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis .
William Anders retired on the 1st of September 1969 .
A Severed Wasp is in the English language .
King County , Washington is located in the United States .
AIP Advances ( ISBN 2158 - 3226 ) was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who lives in the US and Harvard University is his almaMater .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas , where the county seat is Fort Worth .
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre , a a form of pop music .
The national anthem of Canada , where Alex Plante was born , is O Canada .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin RHAM / 1 are related means of transportation .
3Arena at the North Wall Quay is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Albert Jennings Fountain , born in New York City , died in the New Mexico Territory .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York which is part of Essex County , New York .
Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein , was the author of " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " . The book was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and its capital city is Washington D . C . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons .
Kheria Air Force Station is the native name of Agra Airport .
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the U . S . People living in the U . S . are Americans and an ethnic group there are Native Americans .
The launch site of Atlas II is Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
George Winkler is from the United States of America .
Ayam Penyet is a food found in Java ; it is a dish from Malaysia and one of its main ingredients is fried chicken . The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
3Arena in Dublin part of Leinster is owned by Live National Entertainment .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , which is the location of Albany , part of Dougherty County in Georgia .
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Indonesia . It can also be found in Singapore , where the leader is Tony Tan and the language spoken is Standard Chinese .
Ahmet Ertegun who was born in Istanbul sings Rhythm and Blues , which originated from blues music . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was produced in hardcover with the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
Musicians , Andrew Rayel and Mark Sima , are associates .
Illinois state is in the United States .
The birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo . He was a solo Candombe music singer with Odeon Records .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US , where the capital is Washington DC and New York is the largest city . The US is the location of Atlantic City , which forms part of Atlantic County in New Jersey .
The celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 . It has an escape velocity of 0 and an epoch date of July 14th 2004 .
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy where the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is located .
Asam pedas is found in the Malay Peninsula and throughout Malaysia . The Malaysian Chinese and the Malaysian Malay are both ethnic groups found in the country .
Anaheim is part of California where chinese is spoken .
The 1955 Dodge , manufactured by Dodge , is a station wagon . It has a V8 engine and a wheelbase of 120 inches .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab . The airport serves the city of Lahore and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
Alan Bean ( born on 1932 - 03 - 15 ) was selected by NASA in 1963 and now is retired .
The United States , where New York City is the largest city , is the location of Atlantic City , part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where Amharic is spoken . The name of the country ' s leader is Malatu Teshome .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis . Ethnically the country is largely Germanic and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
Agnes Kant ( b West Germany ) worked at the Netherlands House of Representatives .
The leader of the United States is the President . This country is home to the severed Wasp .
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 3800 . 0 .
Abner has played for C . D . FAS . and Coritiba Football Club in his football career .
Yemi Osinbajo is the leader of Nigeria .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the country of Denmark which has the religion The Church of Denmark .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is found in Alba Iulia , part of Alba County , Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the country ' s leader is called Klaus Iohannis .
Viking Press published A Long Long Way which comes from Ireland where an ethnic group is white people .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine English is the official language but Arabic is also spoken . Ethnic groups of the region include the Moro and Ilocano peoples .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue began in January 2014 , worth 110 million ( dollars ) that has 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) , and a floor count of 12 .
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arròs negre .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain whose currency is the Euro . Ajoblanco originates from that country .
The leader of Birmingham is the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
Administrative Science Quarterly publisher of SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University .
The tomato belongs to the family of Solanaceae and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
108 St Georges Terrace , Perth , Australia was completed in 1988 with 50 floors .
Baked Alaska comes from the region of New York in France , whose leaders include Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher , and where French is spoken .
Jens Hartel started his career playing for FC Lokomotive Leipzig . Since then he has played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and now plays for SV Germania Schoneiche , whilst managing FC Magdeburg .
Montreal Locomotive Works produced the ALCO RS - 3 between 1950 and August 1956 . It has a 4 - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
New York City was the birthplace of Albert Jennnings .
Italian firm Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella . It was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was a United States national where Joe Biden is the leader .
Atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres and its population density is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . The total area of Atlanta is 347 . 1 square kilometres and it is part of Fulton County , Georgia .
The Ariane 5 , was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and its launch site was , ELA - 3 launchpad . The final flight of the Ariane 5 was on 2004 - 12 - 18 .
The leader ' s title in Turkey is the President of Turkey .
Buzz Aldrin , whose real name was Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . , was born an American in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , on January 20 , 1930 . Buzz graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D , and was selected by NASA the same year . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
Istanbul was the birthplace of Ahmet Ertegun .
Caterpillar Inc . was founded in the United States in California and that company powered the AIDAluna . The AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises out of Germany .
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and the currency is the Euro . Ajoblanco comes from that country .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Indonesia and Malaysia .
Located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas , and operated by ENAIRE , Adolfo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport runway name is 14L / 32R and its runway length is 3500 .
The city of Luanda is served by Angola International Airport . This airport is is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 metres .
Having once performed with the band Sumac , Aaron Turner , performs for Mamiffer . He is a Black metal musician who plays the electric guitar . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Ruth Ribicoff was the wife of Connecticut born Abraham A Ribicoff , who served as the Governor of Connecticut .
Ska punk musician Aaron Bertram has played with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends ( trombonist : Brian Robertson ) . Ska punk originates from Ska .
William Anders was born in October 17th 1933 in British Hong Kong . William was chosen by NASA in 1963 as a figter pilot for the Apollo 8 crew . He later retired in 1969 .
AI Anderson from the band NRBQ plays the guitar . His genre is rock music .
U . K . born singer and public speaker Alan Frew is from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada .
A T Charlie Johnson resides in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances and also the doctoral adviser for Michael Tinkham .
The tomato belongs to the family of Solanaceae .
Abel Hernandez plays for the US Citta di Palermo club but previously played for Penarol who are managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva .
In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India . The Director of the Institute which was established in the year 2000 is Dr G P Prabhukumar and there are 700 postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . in Brazil in which Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play . Their full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey , USA .
The novel A Long Long Way , which was written in Ireland , was followed by The Secret Scripture which Faber and Faber published .
The United States includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups and is the location of Angola which is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture that is part of Japan , a country where there is an ethnic group of Vietnamese people .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , where the language spoken bears the name of the country .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . He attended Erasmus University Rotterdam .
Alan Shepard was born November 18th , 1923 .
Angola , in Steuben County Indiana , is part of the U . S . which is also home to Native Americans and the people speak English .
Ahmet Davutoglu is a leader of Turkey .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
The Delta II , which is comparable to the rocket Antares , is from the United States and was launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 . It is affiliated with the European University Association based in Brussels .
1971 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which is assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas , and served in the Democratic Party of the US . He worked as the Governor of Texas and was eventually succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr .
Aleksander Barkov , Jr . was born in 1995 and has played for the Florida Panthers .
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay , whose leader is Juan Afara , and he died in Asuncion .
James Pallotta , born in Boston , is the chairman of A . S . Roma .
Big Hero 6 was a film distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America which has the capital city Washington , D . C . Akron is located within Summit County , Ohio in the United States and the leader is the mayor .
Akita , Japan holds the Akita Museum of Art and is part of the Akita Prefecture . Japan ' s leader is Shinzo Abe and it homes various ethnic groups one of which is the Filipinos .
A . T . Charlie Johnson , the editor of AIP Advances , is from the United States . His alma mater is Harvard University and the AIP Advances publisher is American Institute of Physics .
Adirondack Regional airport is located at Harrietstown , New York and is 507 metres above sea level .
Aaron Boogaard , who is 1 . 905m tall , was born in Saskatchewan and his club is Wichita Thunder .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The leader of the city is Susana Mendoza .
Ahmet Ertegun , from the U . S , . plays rock and roll music which has its original styles from country music . African Americans are one ethnic group in the U . S .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in season 2015 .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located in Athens .
Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Strret .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids .
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asuncion , Gran Asunción .
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Allen Forrest plays Rhythm and Blues which originated from the blues and in turn gave rise to Disco .
The anthem of Switzerland is called the Swiss Psalm .
Juventus FC have been Serie A champions and AS Roma play in the same league .
FC Spartak Moscow play at their home ground at Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov was a member of their youth football club . His club is FC Dynamo Moscow and he is also in the FC Terek Grozny club under the management of Rashid Rakhimov .
The General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is VfL Wolfsburg of the Bundesliga . He also plays for SV Werder Bremen II , where Alexander Nouri is the manager .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in Hardcover . has an ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
3Arena is located in North Wall Quay and it ' s owner is Live Nation Entertainment .
The country bacon explosion is from the United States , where africans americans are one of the ethnic groups , the capital is washington DC and the leader , known as president is Barack Obama .
The former name of 1101 Clematis is " 1928 SJ " .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina and served as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy . He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
New Jersey is home to Atlantic City , Newark ( state ' s largest city ) and Trenton , the state ' s capital . They are part of the United States and a home to the Native Americans .
Alternative rock originated from new wave music .
Batagor is a variation of Siomay .
Albennie Jones plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues and from which disco is a derivative . He was born in the United States and is a solo singer .
The comic character , Arion , is also known by he name Ahri ' ahn .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician who plays the bodhran . Jazz music originates from blues , is derived into jazz , and is an element of the fusion genre Afrobeat .
A Glastonbury Romance , available in hardcover , has 1174 pages . The ISBN # is : 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 and OCLC # : 76798317 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Pennsylvania was completed in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
Marriott International ( founded in Washington DC ) is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark . Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of the country and one of the languages spoken in Denmark is German .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq . It has a runway with the length 3990 , and a runway with the name , 09L / 27R .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 .
Larry Maguire is the leader in Brandon , Manitoba .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 , was on the crew for Apollo 14 and retired on 1974 - 08 - 01 .
Bill Marriott is one of the key people of Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark . The country is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
FC Amkar Perm player , Aleksandr Prydnikov , is in the FC Terek Grozny club . Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which is , based at Grozny .
Alan Martin played football for the Scotland national under 19 team which is coached by Scot Gemmill .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , is made from red granite and white marble , is found in Azerbaijan and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti . .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Alpharetta in Georgia .
Andrew Rayel ( born in Chisinau , Moldova ) is a Trance music performer who started his career in 2009 and has been associated with the musician Jwaydan Moline and Christian Burns .
The AMC Matador , alternatively known as the American Motors Matador was assembled in Kenosha , Wisconsin . It is a mid - size car and has an AMC straight - 6 engine .
Susana Diaz is a leader of Andalusia .
Indie rock musician , Aaron Deer , who has a background as a solo singer , was born in the United States and comes from Indiana .
At an elevation of 324 metres above sea level , Angola ( in Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana ) , is in the United States . Angola , has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres , and a population density of 524 . 5 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The Angola International Airport serving Luanda in Angola is located at Ícolo e Bengo . lcolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province .
The Alfa Romeo 14 , which was assembled in Italy , has a Straight four engine and is related to the Fiat Croma and similar to the Saab 9000 .
Auburn is in Pierce County , Washington whose largest city is Seattle and the state capital is Olympia located within the United States .
Alderney Airport has a runway length of 497 . 0 .
Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain and includes the main ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has a LCCN number of 60040714 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin where Hook ' em is the mascot .
The author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys , who was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . The novel is a sequel to Wolf Solent and was followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
July 27 , 1932 is an important date for Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul and currency is the Turkish lira ; because on this date the Ataturk Monument , made of bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica was inaugurated .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine . MTU Friedrichshafen , whose parent company is is Rolls Royce Power Systems , is owned by Rolls - Royce Holdings and is in Friedrichshafen .
Phillip Cocu is the manager of PSV Eindhoven , the club of Adam Maher , who plays for the Netherlands National under - 17 .
Alexandria in the United States is part of Monroe Township , Madison County . It is located in Indiana where the capital is known as Indianapolis .
Alan Shepard was born on November 18 , 1923 .
Arlington is in Tarrant County , Texas where Houston is the largest city and Austin is the capital . All are in the US .
200 Public Square , which has 45 floors and was completed in 1985 , is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 .
Abel Hernández represented the Uruguayan Primera División club Peñarol at youth level . He later played for the Uruguay Olympic football team and the club U . S . Città di Palermo , which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 04 / 22 Ooostbaan .
Walter Baade , born in Preußisch Oldendort , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He went to the University of Gottingen where he had Allan Sandage as a doctoral student . Mr . Baade died in Gottingen .
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Kuching and was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak . He went to the University of Adelaide , belonged to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
French Guiana is where the headquarters of the Guiana Space Centre are located .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria , which was formerly known as 1928 RQ is December 31st , 2006 . It has an escape velocity of . 0155 kilometres per second , an orbital period of 179 , 942 , 000 kilometres and a periapsis of 34 , 920 , 600 , 000 kilometres .
Anderson is part of Madison County in Indiana , which is in the United States .
The celestial body known as ( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an orbital period of 69862200 , a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 27 August 2011 .
The total area of Angola , Indiana , is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
American Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman created the comic character Auron .
Anaheim is in Orange County , which is part of the Greater Los Angeles area , in California , in the U . S . Anaheim has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and is led by the United States House of Representatives .
250 Delaware Avenue cost 110 million dollars .
Aleksandr Chumakov ' s club was FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team . The Torpedo Moscow team played in the 2014 - 15 Russian Premier league . Its chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov and its manager is Valery Petrakov .
Akeem Priestley , a member of club RoPS , is a player for the Harbour View F . C .
Akeem Dent used to play for Houston Texans .
In Texas , the largest city is Houston and Arlington ( part of Tarrant County ) , is part of the state . The county seat of Tarrant County in Texas is Fort Worth .
The fullname of A . C . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . and their ground is in Verona . The club played in the 2014 season and has 39371 members .
Abradab performs hip hop music , the genre which has its origins in Funk and Disco .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the language spoken is Philippine Spanish . One of the ethnic groups are the Ilocano people and Chinese Filipino are also present in the country .
Albennie Jones , a performer of rhythm and blues , was born in the United States .
Angola is in Pleasant Township , part of Steuben County , which is part of Indiana , United States .
Aaron Turner played post - metal with Twilight .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was at Blackburn Rovers FC .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . It has a runway name of 14R / 32L with a length of 3500 .
The AIDAstella is owned by the Italian located Costa Crociere .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . S . Roma as a defender .
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago .
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa . Cape Town is the capital city and its leader is Jacob Zuma .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas , which is located within the United States .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza , Argentina , was in office when Juan Peron , a member of the Labour Party , was president .
Bananaman starred Tim Brooke Taylor and was broadcast for the last time by STV on 15 April 1986 .
The Indonesian dish Batagor and the dish Shumai are variations of the dish Siomay , which contains peanut sauce .
Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders of Greece which has the capital city of Athens . The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in the country .
The comic character , Blockbuster , has the alternative name , Mark Desmond .
The total population of Anaheim California is 336265 .
The AIDAluna is a 252m long Sphinx class cruise ship .
The Ilocano and Igorot people are ethnic groups in the Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages spoken . The country is the origin of the dish Batchoy .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in the Nigerian air force and was in office when Mike Akhigbe was vice president . His successor was Olusegun Obasanjo and Sadique Abubakar was a commander . Mike Akhigbe was preceeded by Oladipo Diya .
Influenced by Robert A . Heinlein , Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Baltic War and it ' s sequel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . Flint was born in Burbank California .
The College of William and Mary own Alan B . Miller Hall . Alan B . Miller Hall is situated at 101 Ukrop Way , Virginia and it was completed on the 1st June , 2009 .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , US where Native Americans are an ethnic group . The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque and one if its leaders is John Sanchez .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC in the Qatar Stars League .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey , U . S . , whose capital is Trenton . The biggest city in the U . S . is New York and Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and also FC Terek Grozny , where the manager was Rashid Rakhimov . Prudnikov played youth football at FC Spartak Moscow , whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and situated 88 meters above sea level and its first runway is surfaced with asphalt . 03 / 21 is the name of the airport ' s runway and it is 497 . 0 meters long .
The New Mexico House of Representatives leads Albuquerque , New Mexico ; which has a total of 490 . 9 square kilometres and 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Discovered by E . Wells , 107 Camilla , has the epoch 31 December 2006 .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines , where Philippine English and Philippine Spanish are both spoken . Two of its ethnic groups are the llocano and Igoro people .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica , or Acta Math . Hungar . , focuses on math and has a LCCN number of 83646315 .
03L / 21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand .
1097 Vicia has a periapsis measurement of 279142000000 . 0 .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league whose champions are SS Robur Siena .
Amharic is a language in Ethiopia where the leader is Malatu Teshome . Addis Ababa is located in the country and is where Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are located .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . English is spoken both in the US and Great Britain .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in the state of Texas , where the largest city is Houston .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , which is assembled in Italy where Rome is the capital , is similar to the Fiat Croma and the Lancia Thema .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War .
The Euro is the currency in Spain where ajoblanco is originated from and they speak Spanish there . Felipe VI is the leader and the main ethnic group are Spaniards .
Bacon Sandwich , a variation of BLT , where the main ingredients are bread , bacon and a condiment , comes from the United Kingdom , and has different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacong sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob bacon barm and bacon muffin .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club A . C . Milan which is in the Serie A league .
The comic character , Blockbuster , has the alternative name , Mark Desmond and was created by Tom Lyle and Gardner Fox .
Alberto Teisaire ' s place of death was Buenos Aires .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney , the leader of which is Elizabeth II .
Albennie Jones is a solo singer who was born in the United States and her musical genre is rhythm and blues .
Angola in Indiana is part of the United States .
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA . The airport ' s runway is named 09L / 27R and it has a length of 3 , 990 .
The American Submarine NR - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m . , a ship draft of 4 . 6 m , top speed of 8 . 334 and is 45000 . 0 millimetres long .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada and his club is the Wichita Thunders .
The Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq .
Batchoy ' s main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . The dish comes from the Philippines .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , the country where Akron , Ohio is located .
Arròs negre is from Spain and it uses cuttlefish as an ingredient .
Bacon is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion , which is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area .
Ajoblanco contains water and is from Spain .
The Ariane 5 first flight was on March 2 , 2004 and its final flight was on the 18th December 2009 . . It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre . Ariane 5 was manufactured by The Airbus Defence and Space and has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres .
Black metal singer Aaron Turner has played with Greymachine and Twilight . Black metal fusion is the origin of death metal .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , where Joe Biden is a leader . The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
The Alderney Airport runway has a length of 733 . 0 .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly , and T . S . Thakur was an Indian leader .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the U . K .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print , with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Cumberland County , Pennsylvania is found north of Adams County which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument established in 2000 in Gettysburg . The monument falls under the category of contributing property .
Al Anderson of the NRBQ band was born in Windsor , Connecticut .
Buzz Aldrin is originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . Buzz Aldrin went on to work for NASA in 1963 where he became a member of the Apollo 11 ' s crew .
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay . He records Candombe music for the record label Movieplay .
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovac is associated with artists Kornelije Kovac and Kristina Kovač . Pop is the origin of fusion style disco .
The United States Air Force , the entity that was involved in the Invasion of Panama , is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The Lockheed AC 130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers including the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon and the transport aircraft , the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules .
103 Hera , with an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km , has a rotation period of 85466 . 9 .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Binignit is an ingredient of Sweet potato and sweet potato belongs to Solanales order of plants .
The California State Assembly ( part of the California State Legislature ) , leads Anaheim , California , in the United States .
A . S . Roma play in Serie A .
The footballer Alan Martin plays in the Scottish National under 21 football team who are coached by Ricky Sbragia .
Massimo Drago is in club Calcio Catania .
The epoch date of 109 Felicitas is 31 December 2006 , it has a mass of 7 . 5kgs , an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 , a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an apoapsis for 109 Felicitas is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Al Anderson is a rock musician from the NRBQ band . He was once a member of The Wildweeds .
Aaron Turner is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . The Indian Air Force operates that airport . The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force .
There is an ethnic group of Asians in the United States .
Alpharetta , is part of Fulton County ( where Atlanta is the largest city ) , in Georgia , in the United States . The same country , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 . He was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 and attended the University of Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1962 .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and has a staff of 100 .
The AMC Matador has a hardtop and a straight - 6 engine . It is assembled in Thames , New Zealand and has the alternative name of VAM Classic .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England and died in London in a place called Sidcup .
Country music , originating from blues music , is performed by Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) .
The California State Assembly is located in the California State Capitol .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the language used is Philippine Spanish and one of the ethnic groups are the Zamboangans .
Former clubs of Aleksandr Prudnikov include Sparta Prague and FC Spartak Moscow .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ whose genre is country music .
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 and fought at the Battle of Chancellorsville , which was part of the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War .
In his youth , Abel Hernández played for Peñarol .
Alison O ' Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band .
Banana is an ingredient in binignit , it is served as the dessert course , same as Sandesh ( confectionery ) .
The celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia has a mass of 1 . 1kg .
Abilene , Texas is located in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Abradab originated in Katowice , in Poland .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a fantasy literature hardcover book . The OCLC number is 78771100 .
Marriott International , founded in Washington D . C . , is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is located in Denmark . The Faroese language is spoken throughout Denmark .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas .
Angola International Airport , which is located at Ícolo e Bengo is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 05L / 23R with a length of 4000 . 0 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London , where Boris Johnson is a leader .
Chicken ( a bird ) , is an ingredient found in Batchoy .
The musical genre of Aaron Deer , bass guitarist , is indie rock , the stylistic origin of which is new wave music .
Auburn , Alabama is located in the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama .
Akeem Ayers , who was born on 10 July 1989 , made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and has also played with the Los Angeles Rams .
Ampara Hospital is in Ampara , Ampara district , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
Alex Day performs Synthpop music where its stylistic origins come from pop and new wave music .
Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan .
A . S . Roma is managed by Luciano Spalletti , who was formerly involved with Virtus Entella . Serie A , the league that A . S . Roma play in , has Juventus F . C . as past champions .
New York City , New York , U . S . is the death place of Abraham A . Ribicoff .
Luciano Spalletti , who manages A . S . Roma , played for Udinese Calcio .
The American submarine , NR - 1 , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
American Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July , 1927 . He served as a test pilot , and passed away in St . Louis .
Hip hop music has a sub genre called Gangsta rap , which is Ace Holder ' s genre and Drum and bass is one of its derivative .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( often abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences with the ISSN number 0567 - 7920 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
The Director of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is Dr G P Prabhukumar . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India .
Garth Nix is the author of the 233 page paperback , Aenir .
5 is the number of the first runway of Angola International Airport .
The alma mater of Greek born , Adonis Georgiadis , was the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens .
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 and the orbital period is 1513 . 722 days .
Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is elevated 34 . 0 metres above sea level .
Akeem Ayers ' former team was Tennessee Titans who are based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Abilene in Texas ( United States ) is served by the Abilene regional airport .
The A - Rosa Luna was built in Rostock and is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine . MTU Friedrichshafen is in the city of Friedrichshafen .
Ayam penyet is made nationwide , and can also be found in Malaysia , Singapore and Java .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica are the publishers of Springer Science + Business Media .
Aaron Bertram ' s birth date is 1981 - 04 - 03 .
The area code of Austin , Texas , is 512 .
Akeem Priestley played for club RoPS and is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene in Texas , has a runway name of 17R / 13L with a length of 2194 . 0 and is 546 metres above sea level .
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor count of 34 .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was a player for Runcorn FC Halton .
A . S . Roma plays in the Serie A .
AIDS Journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where London is the capital , and David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders .
Atlantic City International Airport is located 75 feet above sea level in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and has 600 students .
Asser Levy Public Baths which was constructed in 1904 is located on 23rd Street , Manhattan . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
The runway name at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 03L / 21R .
Abradab performs hip hop music and has a background as a solo singer . Hip Hop music has origins in Funk and Disco , and Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen where he had a doctoral student named Allan Sandage .
Addiction journal is published by Wiley - Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and has the abbreviated name " Addiction " . The ISSN number is 1360 - 0443 and the LCCN number is 93645978 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with musical talents : Jwaydan Moyine , John Digweed and House musician Christian Burns .
Allama Iqbal International Airport ( serving Lahore ) is found in Punjab , Pakistan . Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan .
William M . O . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland and died in Charleston , West Virginia . Dawson succeeded Albert B . White who was originally from Cleveland .
The Euro is the currency in France .
Tomato , from the family of solanaceae , is a key ingredient in an Arrabbiata sauce .
Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 , in Wheeler , Texas .
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It is comparable to Delta II , which originates from the United States and was made by United Launch Alliance .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 1923 - 11 - 18 and died in California .
The United States Air Force operate Al Asad Airbase and use the Lockheed AC - 130 as an attack aircraft . Two of their key battles are the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom .
The Atlas II rocket ’ s launch site is Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 which is operated by the United States Air Force .
General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co . located in Groton , CT . They built the American submarine NR - 1 which is 45000 mms in length .
Alex Plante was born in Canada where the country ' s anthem is O Canada .
AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " , it ' s grounds are Kellamergh Park and it has 3180 members .
The author of Above the Veil available in hardcover is Garth Nix .
John van den Brom is manager of AZ Alkmaar . He also plays for Vitesse Arnhem , ADO Den Haag and AFC Ajax .
A . S . Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy .
Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwest of Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The AMC Matador , related to the AMC Ambassador , was manufactured during 1971 and assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , in the United States .
The AidAluna , christened on 2009 - 04 - 04 , is 252 metres long and had its maiden voyage on the 22nd of March , 2009 .
Bacon Explosion which has bacon and sausage in it comes from Kansas City metro area in the U . S . The Bacon Explosion is a main course .
Bill Oddie ( born in Rochdale ) stars in Bananaman .
Alan Shepard was born November 18th , 1923 , in New Hampshire . He attended school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . Alan joined the Navy and was was chosen by NASA in 1959 . He was awarded the Distinguished service medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . California was his place of death .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in the United Kingdom .
The Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway name of " 18L / 36R " and a length of 2900 . 0 .
Batagor , Siomay and Shumai are all variations of the same dish that contains peanut sauce .
A former The Wildweeds band member , Al Anderson is a singer in the band , NRBQ . This band ' s genre is rock music which has its stylistic origins in blues . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
Arros negre is from Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina .
Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II managed by Alexander Nouri .
Madrid is a city in Spain , in which the Adolfo Suarez Maadrid - Barajas airport is located . The leading part in Madrid is called Ahora Madrid .
Gruppo Bertone was the designer of the Abarth manufactured Abarth 1000 GT Coupe . Gruppo Bertone was founded in Italy by Giovanni Bertone .
Electric guitarist , Aaron Turner , whose genre is Blackmetal , is associated with the group Greymachine . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
The assembly line of the Alfa Romeo 164 is in Milan .
Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus who ' s leader is Jacob Bundsgaard .
Narendra Modi is the name of the leader of India .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where the President is the head of state .
The language spoken in Ethiopia is Amharic .
James Craig Watson studied at the University of Michigan and was the discoverer of 101 Helena .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv which is managed by , Oleh Luzhny . Now , Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is Olympique Lyonnais , the home ground of which , is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Allen Forrest was born in the year 1981 .
Adonis Georgiadis , born in Athens ( Greece ) , held office as the Minister for Health and was succeeded by , Makis Voridis .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is the language and one of the ethnic groups is the Igorot people .
Attica is in Fountain County Indiana in the United States . Washington DC is the country ' s capital .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who is in the following clubs : Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D . and Carrarese Calcio .
Alfred Garth Jones , from the UL , died in Sidcup , London . The Parliament of the United Kingdom leads London and Elizabeth II is the United Kingdom leader .
The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey , where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and holds the title of President of Turkey .
The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca .
Asherton , Texas is part of Dimmit County , Texas .
Adam Koc fought in WWI and he was awarded the Legion of Honour .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia , the ingredients include ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
The escape velocity of 10 Hygiea is 0 . 21 km per sec .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and was married to Casey Ribicoff .
The AIDAstella , operated by AIDA Cruises , owned by the Italy based Costa Crociere , was built by Meyer Werft . It is 253260 . 0mm long .
Abel Hernandez , a member of the Central Espanol club , plays for the Uruguay national football team .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and married to Agnes Ward White , who died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . William M . O . Dawson , born in Bllomington , Maryland , succeeded Albert B . White .
Cyril Ramaphosa leads South Africa and another leader is Jacob Zuma . 11 Diagonal Street is located in that country .
The Aston Martin DBS and the UK assembled Aston Martin V8 are related means of transport .
The rocket Antares was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport and took its final flight on 28 October 2014 .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore , where standard Chinese is spoken .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama in the city of Madrid , Spain , the airport is operated by ENAIRE .
Juventus F . C . are former champions of Serie A .
Ahmedabad is located in India .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , in London , which led by Boris Johnson and governed by the Greater London Authority .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Medrisio , Switzerland which has a ferderal assembly .
Ayam penyet is and Indonesian dish that contains fried chicken .
Manhattan is part of New York City , which was part of New Netherland , and is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths .
1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4 November 2013 and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
Vajubhai Vala is a leader of Karnatka .
Aaron Turner , a Post - Metal musician , started performing in 1995 . He played for the Lotus Eaters and Old Man Gloom bands .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbor where Robert E . Lee was the commander .
The Acura TLX has a Honda J engine .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow , who are based at the Otkrytiye Arena . He later represented FC Dynamo Moscow .
Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music .
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore , Illinois .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 , and is available in hardcover .
Anderson is part of Union Township , Madison County , Indiana and is led by the Democratic Party of the US , whose headquarters is in Washington , D . C .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland is the builder of the icebreaker called the Aleksey Chirikov . It is currently in service .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives .
1099 Figneria ( formerly known as 1928 RQ ) has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . It has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and a periapsis of 34920600000 .
Based in the city of Columbus , Ohio , the Columbus Blue Jackets , are the team that drafted Adam McQuaid . He played for the club Boston Bruins .
Americans live in the U . S . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there . Akron , in Summit County , Ohio is in the United States but the capital is Washington DC .
The Acura TLX is classed as a mid - size car , has a V6 engine , a front wheel drive and is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant .
Born in Faversham , Adam Holloway , has the Alma mater , Magdalene College , Cambridge .
A variation of the BLT , a bacon sandwich , comes from the United Kingdom and has bacon as the main ingredient .
Batchoy which originated in La Paz , Iloilo City uses noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef as it ' s main ingredients .
A Fortress of Grey Ice comes from the United States . The capital of the United States is Washington DC and English is spoken as it is in Great Britain , and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Aaron S . Daggett served in the American Civil War , commanded by Robert E Lee .
Frank Borman was a Commander with William Anders as crew member and Buzz Aldrin as the backup pilot on the Apollo 8 mission .
The Aston Martin DBS , Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and Aston Martin V8 are related means of transportation . The latter vehicle is assembled in the United Kingdom , has a 5 . 3 litre engine volume and a coupe body style .
The official language in the Philippines is Philippine English .
Alan Bean , a test pilot , was born in Wheeler , Texas .
A Long Long Way has a OCLC number of 57392246 and a ISBN number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport where the 1st runway is made of asphalt and the runway length is 877 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The spouse of Albert B . White was Agnes Ward White , who , was born in Cleveland . T he successor to Albert B . White was William M . O . Dawson , who , was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
Alan Frew is a solo rock music singer . Rock music gets its origins from blues music . Bhangra music is a fusion genre of rock music .
The city of Mendrisio is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which is led by Dean Mario Botta . There are 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
AWH Engineering College at Kerala has 250 academic staff . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi .
In the United States they speak English , the capital is Washington , D . C . and the largest city is New York City . Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas in the United States .
Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California , was influenced by Robert A Heinlen and wrote the book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the U . S . Austin is the capital of Texas whose largest city is Houston . English is spoken in that state .
The Alhambra , which wrecked , was launched on May 31 , 1855 . It had a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h , 8 . 3 m ship beam , and was 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
The nationality of Duncan Rouleau is American .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 .
There are 3500 members of AZAL PFK .
Al Kharaitiyat SC ' s home ground is Al Khor and they play in the Qatar Stars League . Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is both Sanat Mes Kerman F . C . and Al Kharaitiyat SC . where Al Kharaitiyat SC . is managed by Amar Osim .
Alison O ' Donnell performs folk music and is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings .
Adam Koc was in the battles in the Polish – Soviet War which was a conflict within the Russian Civil War . Joseph Stalin was a commander during the Polish - Soviet War .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte . Ab Klink ' s Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
AMC Matador , also known as American Motors Matador , is assembled in Thames , New Zealand ; it is classed as a mid - size car and equipped with an AMC V8 engine .
Mayor is the title of the leader of Auburn , in Washington .
The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine capable of 31 . 48 horsepower and an impressive transmission . It is a full size car .
Allen Forrest ' s genre is Hip Hop music which is derived from drum and bass .
Airey Neave was in World War II .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas , whose largest city is Houston . Arlington is part of Tarrant County , the county seat of which is Fort Worth .
San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid , in Spain . It is where the Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located and is led by the People ' s Party .
Atlanta is located within the US state of Georgia , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War .
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Brandon , Manitoba and his club is called Anyang Halla .
Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . It originates from Java and the Singapore region .
The Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas and is situated 546 meters above sea level and its ICAO location identifier is KABI . The name of the airport ' s runway is 17R / 35L and it is 1121 . 0 meters long .
The Accadmia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 . It dean is Mario Botta . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
Former The Wildweeds band member , Al Anderson , is a singer in the band NRBQ which performs rock music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States which is the location of the city of Albany , Oregon .
The sport of tennis , governed by the International Tennis Federation , is offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology in India .
Ashgabat International Airport , located in Ashgabat , is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . It is 211m above sea level and the length is 900m . The runway us known as 12L / 30R .
Bandeja paisa is a popular Colombian cuisine , originating from the Antioquia Department region .
Andrew White started his career in 2003 and plays with Kaiser Chief . He is associated with Marry Banilow and has been signed to both Universal Records , now defunct , and Fiction .
Amserdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 18L / 36R Aalsmeerbaan .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organization for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Its runway name is 03R / 21L , 597 m in length , and the airport is 34 m above sea level . The 3rd runway there is made of Poaceae .
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia . An ethnic group there are the Malaysian Chinese . Asam pedas is a food found in that country .
Johns Hopkins University , a US parent company to Johns Hopkins University Press , published The American Journal of Mathematics .
Alaa Abdul Zahra has played for Al Merrikh SC and Al Kharaitiyat . The latter ' s home ground is Al Khor and the manager is Amar Osim .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC 10 / 03 / 1983 and its last broadcast was 15th April 1986 . The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright and the show stars Graeme Garden .
103 Colmore Row , designed by the architect John Madin is located in Birmingham .
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 kilometres .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov , which is in service , was built in Helsinki in Finland . It is 99 . 83 metres long and has a 21 . 2 m long shipbeam .
Ace Wilder is a solo singer and songwriter .
Denmark is led by Margrethe II of Denmark and is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen . The current tenant is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and has Bill Marriott as one of the key people .
Anders Osborne , is associated with Tab Benoit , musical artist Billy Iuso and Phil Lesh and Friends .
Aleksandr Chumakov played with the FC Torpedo Moscow , part of the Soviet Union national football club whose chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov . That club was part of the 2014 - 15 Russian Premier League .
The builder of the ALCO RS - 3 is the American Locomotive Company and it was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . It has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . , is the full name of AC Chievo Verona , the home ground of which is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi . A . C . Chievo Verona has 39371 members , and played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
Hip hop music has its origins in Disco and funk music , has a sub genre called Gangsta rap and has spawned the derivative of drum and bass . Hip hop is the musical genre performed by Abradab .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in the year 2000 . The campus address is Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore 560090 . The city of Bangalore is in the state of Karnataka in India .
The Atlas II is from the United States and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 . It is 3 . 04 m in diameter and took its final flight on 16 March 1998 .
Antioch is part of California , where English is spoken .
Andra was born in Campus Turzii in 1986 . She is a rhythm and blues solo singer and Reality 5th judge .
Aleksandra Kovač , part of the K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) , is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol . Aleksandra Kovač ' s musical genre is Pop , a fusion of it is disco music .
Alan Martin , who played football for Clyde F . C . , is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC . New Douglas Park is the ground for Hamilton Academical F . C .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , it is a dessert , same as Sandesh ( confectionery ) .
Asam pedas is a dish that is popular in Indonesia .
Bharjji is an Indian dish from the Karnataka region . The main ingredients needed to make it are gram flour and vegetables .
The discoverer of 101 Helena is the Canadian James Craig Watson , who studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin . The apoapsis of 101 Helena is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia that contains the ingredient celery .
The musical genre of Alex Day , is Synthpop , which has its stylistic origins in pop music and new wave music .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais with runway 11 / 29 at 2215m long .
FC Terek Grozny , which has its ground in Grozny , is managed by Rashid Rakhimov . Aleksandr Prudnikov , who played for FC Spartak Moscow , plays for FC Terek Grozny .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is from Argentina whose capital is Buenos Aires and whose leader is Mauricio Macri . A people in that country are Argentines .
Post - metal artist Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and the Greymachine . He started performing in 1995 .
Buzz Aldrin ' s birth date was 1930 01 20 .
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003 . 0 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Esteghlal Ahvaz FC which is managed by Adnan Hamad .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal Party . He worked as a member of the senate and attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam .
During the American Civil War Jefferson Davis was a commander and Albert Jennings Fountain who was born in New York , participated .
Alpena County Regional Airport , located in Maple Ridge Township , Michigan has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and has an elevation of 210 meters .
Bella Center owns the 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen , whose current tenant is Marriott International .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan , who was born in San Francisco and also is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the Riverside Art Museum .
Aaron Turner is a singer whose genre is Ambient music .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
Aaron Hunt , former player for Hamburger SV , now plays for SV Werder Bremen .
Stuart Parker , who has managed AFC Blackpool , has represented the club KV Mechelen .
Led by the United States House of Representatives , Antioch , part of Contra Costa County , which is part of the San Francisco Bay area , in California .
Akron is part of Summit County , Ohio in the United States . The country , which has the capital of Washington DC , includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans among the population of Americans .
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm and his musical genre is Hip hop . Hip hop music originated from funk and disco music , and Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music .
Andrews Country Airport location identifier is E11 .
William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft in Germany .
Arem arem originates from the Island of Java and can be found nationwide all around Indonesia . The country ' s president is Joko Widodo and the spoken language is Indonesian .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 , which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Maya Rudolph .
The celestial body known as ( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an orbital period of 69862200 .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where there is a dish called ayam penyet . The dish originates from Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and one of the languages spoken is English .
Auburn is part of King County in Washington , the state where Olympia is the capital . King County is in the United States , where the biggest city is New York .
Denmark is led by the Monarchy of Denmark and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the current leaderr . Southwest of Mols is the city of Aarhus which is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus . The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jakarta is the capital .
USA born Abraham A Ribicoff was the Governer of Connecticut and was married to Casey Ribicoff .
Born in Stellendam , Ab Klink , belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written . The President in the US is Barack Obama and the capital city is Washington DC .
Elliot See died on February 28 , 1966 , in St Louis .
1634 : The Galileo Affair is followed by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Ace Wilder is a songwriter and a solo singer .
Danish is the language of Denmark .
Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is the leader of Uruguay .
Adam Holloway ; was born in Faversham , Kent , England , is a member of the To ries , and his alma mater , is Magdalene College , Cambridge .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education ( located in Mumbai ) . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . The leader of Gujarat ( also known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly ) is Anandiben Patel .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece whose leader is Nikos Voutsis . Athens is the capital of Greece whose currency is the euro . Another leader there is Alexis Tsipras .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK where David Cameron was once Prime Minister . Variations on the sandwich include the BLT ( which includes tomato ) and club sandwich .
Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . , who is also known as Buzz Aldrin , was chosen by NASA to be a member of Apollo 11 and he retired on July 1st , 1971 .
Christian Burns performs house music .
Architect Julia Morgan was born in California . She has designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building , the Asilomar Conference Ground and the Asilomar State Beach .
Bacon explosion is a main course dish that includes the ingredients sausage and bacon .
The successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Adisham Halls , constructed from 1927 to 1931 , is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has architectural style ` Tudor and Jacabian .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish - Soviet War and was awarded the Virtuti Militari award .
Austin , Texas is in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd July 1927 . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin . He was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis .
A . C Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro / A .
Alan Bean ( born on 1932 - 03 - 15 ) graduated from UT Austin in 1955 .
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and was formerly known as A900GA . It has a periapsis measurement of 416136000000 . 0 .
A . C . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi , they have 23900 members and play in Serie B , which was previously won by Carpi F . C . 1909 .
AFC Ajax , whose amateurs play in the Hoofdklasse league , has 5000 members .
The rocker Antares was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport and made its final voyage on September 18 , 2013 .
Anders Osborne ' s genre is Rhythm and blues and they are signed to the record label Alligator Records .
Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol ' s youth club that is part of the Uruguayan Primera División . Abel Hernández plays for the U . S . Città di Palermo that is managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Part , led by Daniel Webster . Alvah Sabin represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and was from Vermont , the largest city of which , is Burlington .
Al - Khor Sports Club is located in Al - Khor .
Amarillo , Potter County is located in English speaking , Texas , United States . The U . S . has its capital as Washington , DC .
Rock musician Anders Osborne is signed to the Okeh Records label .
Marv Wolfman won the Inkpot Award .
Aleksandre Guruli played for AZAL PFK .
Alan Shepard has died in California . He was an American born in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 and was hired by NASA in 1959 .
Shumai ( which contains shiitake ) is a variation of batagor , which itself is a variation of the Siomay dish .
The 1955 Dodge , the DeSoto Custom , and the Dodge Coronet are similar and therefore related means of transport .
Alan Bean is a United States test pilot . He was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . Alan Bean retired after spending 100305 minutes in space , he was also a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean , who was one of the astronauts on Apollo 12 , retired in June 1981 .
Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania .
The Italy built Alfa Romeo 164 , the Fiat Croma and the Lancia Thema are all related .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and was a member of the House of Representatives . He attended the Radboud University Nijmegen .
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and also uses the musical genre Avant - garde metal .
Bacon Explosion ' s main ingredient is bacon , along with sausage , and it is served as a main course .
Alpharetta , is part of Fulton County , in Georgia , in the United States .
AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor who used to play football for Bury FC .
Akeem Dent ' s first team was the Atlanta based Atlanta Falcons . He later played for the Houston Texans .
The 1955 Dodge automobile , manufactured by Dodge , is related to the DeSoto Custom while the Plymouth Plaza automobile was succeeded by the Plymouth Satellite .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in the Greek city of Athens and served as the Vice President of New Democracy .
The Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema are related vehicles . The Alfa Romeo 164 and Lancia Thema are also related means of transport .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is Joe Biden . The country is the origin of the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians which was written in English , as spoken in Great Britain .
Auburn , Alabama is located in the United States where Barack Obama is a leader .
Palo Seco is the ground for United Petrotin F . C . which Akeem Adams played for . His club is Ferencvarosi TC , the chairman of which , is Gabor Kubatov .
Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is located . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who was at Stockport County FC but now plays for Runcorn FC Halton .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Al Shorta SC and he played for the club Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and was a member of the U . S . Republican party . He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and his successor was , Marjorie Farmer . Abner W . Sibal died in Alexandria , Virginia .
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township which is in Madison County , in Indiana , in the U . S .
Auburn is in Pierce County and Kings County , Washington , US .
Born in 1989 , in Manitoba , Alex Plante has played for the club Anyang Hallam and is 1 . 9304 metres tall .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . Its creator was Steve Bright and the series starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow in the Otkrytiye Arena .
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 and later took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville , which was part of the American Civil War conflict where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Atlanta is located in the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC .
The leader of India is Narendra Modi .
The Allama Iqbal International Airport ' s runway 18L / 36R is 2900 . 0 . long . It is located in Punjab , the capitalod Lahore city in Pakistan and managed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
As well as being part of Pierce County , Auburn is also part of King County . All of which are part of Washington State , in the United States . In this country , the largest city is New York , and the capital is Washington D . C .
The Alhambra has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type , a ship beam of 8 . 3m , a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 18 . 52 .
The 1955 Dodge is a sedan with a V8 engine .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Genoa C . F . C . and the Italy national football team .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S . , where the capital is Washington DC , the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Essex County , New York .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club .
The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym of Tejano .
Albany , Oregon falls under Linn County Oregon in the United States whose capital city is Washington D . C .
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA , and its crew members included Frank Borman and William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong . Chris Ratten served as a representative of British Hong Kong .
A Severed Wasp was published in hardback .
108 St . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australia . Its construction began in 1981 .
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority , the head of which is Stephen Dilts . The airport is located in Egg Township , New Jersey , United States .
Arrabbiata sauce originates from Rome , the capital city of Italy . Italians are the main ethnic group in the country and led by Pietro Grasso .
Eric Flint , influenced by Robert A Heinlein , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . This book follows the publication of Grantville Gazette III .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan where the Allama Iqbal international Airport is located in Punjab . The airport serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation authority .
The completion date of 3Arena is December 2008 .
Auburn , Washington is located within the United States .
The Acura TLX has a V6 engine and is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant . It is a luxury , front wheel drive vehicle .
Battle of Chancellorsville was part of the American Civil War and one of its participants was Alfred Moore Scales .
The mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is 265 . 0 kelvins .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in 1995 in Tampere . Finland .
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients . Almonds are classed as a flowering plant and are a member of the Rosaceae family and Rosales order .
The 1955 Dodge , has a station wagon style body and an engine that is , 230 cubic inches .
A Wizard of Mars ' ISBN number is " 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 " .
The clarinet is used in Jazz music .
Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins which publishes AIDS ( journal ) in the UK . The capital city of the UK is London and one of the leaders is Elizabeth II .
Born in Canada in 1986 , Aaron Boogaard played for the club Wichita Thunder .
101 Helena was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin . Its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey , the capital of which is Newark . New Jersey is located in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC .
Albert B . White , who was married to Agnes Ward White , finished his career on March 4th 1905 .
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle .
Agra airport is located in Agra and operated by the Indian Air Force . Its ICAO location id is VIAG and is 167 . 94 m above sea level and its runway is 1818 long .
There are 250 academic staff at the AWH Engineering College in the state of Kerala . The College was established in 2001 .
Sandesh is a dessert . In Mexico Bionico is also a dessert . The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Spanish .
Aaron Bertram is a ska punk musician with the Suburban Legends band .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio . It has 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo rhythm and blues singer who became active in 1990 . She is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac .
Virginia DeMarce ' s novel 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , printed in hardcover , has 512 pages . The ISBN code is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , which is a part of the United States .
Rhythm and blues artist Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington , D . C . R & B originates from blues and lends itself to disco .
Alpharetta , is part of Fulton County , in Georgia and the county seat is Atlanta . The State is part of the United States of America .
The Indian Air Force operate Agra Airport which is in Agra . It has several identifiers such as its ICAO location identifier which is VIAG , or the IATA I . D . which isAGR .
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . It is 3 . 04m in diameter and its final flight was on March 16th 1998 .
The runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 04 / 22 ' Oostbaan .
Iraq is led by Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum and uses the Arabic language . The country is the location of Al - Taqaddum air base in Fallujah .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for FC Terek Grozny and for FC Rubin Kazan . FC Terek Grozny are managed by Rashid Rakhimov and play in Grozny .
Akeem Dent , who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons , used to play for the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston and owned by Bob McNair .
Alfred Zitarrosa ' s recording label is Odeon Records .
Alan Bean was born on the 15th March 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He was a test pilot and he was chosen by NASA in 1963 . He served as a crew member on Apollo 12 .
Baymax is a character created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau . He appears in Big Hero 6 that stars Jamie Chung .
Denmark language is Danish language .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a two door model , has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres , and stopped being produced in 1958 .
Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq has a runway that ' s 3 , 992 . 88 long .
16 / 34 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport .
The Audi A1 , assembled in Audi Brussels , has a 5 - speed manual transmission and a 1 . 2 liter engine .
Cleveland is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens .
Anaheim in California uses the area codes 657 and 714 and has the UTC offset of - 8 . The total area of the city is 131 . 6 sq km and there is a population of 336 , 265 .
Aaron Turner , whose musical genre , played with the band Twilight . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University which is affiliated with the Association of American Universities .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a density of 1890 . 0 kilograms per cubic metres .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia , Malays are the ethnic group of Sumatra and Malaysia .
Petro Grasso is the leader of Italy which is home to AC Lumezzane . The country uses the Italian language and has the capital city of Rome .
Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu ' s Abdul Taib Mahmud succeeded University of Adelaide alum Adenan Satem . Mamud was born in Miri , Malasia and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
The city of Antioch is located within California , where one of the languages spoken is Spanish .
Beginning his career in 2009 , Trance musician Andrew Rayel has worked with Mark Sixma and Jwaydan Moyine .
With an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 , 101 Helena , was discovered by James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The Aston Martin Virage , related to the Aston Martin DBS , succeeded the Aston Martin V8 . The Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8 which has an engine volume of , 5 . 3 litres .
Angola , a city in Indiana , in the U . S , is part of Pleasant Township , which is in Steuben County .
Alex Day is a Synthpop musician and singer . Synthpop is derived from disco and house music .
The United States House of Representatives leads Albuquerque , New Mexico and English is spoken in the county .
Al Asad Airbase uses the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle and is operated by The U . S . Air Force .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . It was created by Steve Bright and stars Graeme Garden .
Arinanespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 , December 18 , 2004 was Ariane 5 ' s final flight and it was launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
Sweet potato , which is an ingredient in Binignit along with the main ingredient of coconut milk , belongs to the order of Solanales flowering plants .
The epoch of 1089 Tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 .
The Bacon Sandwich hails from the UK ( capital London ) . Variations include the BLT and club sandwich .
Albany , Linn County , Oregon is located in English speaking United States . The U . S capital is Washington , DC and is home to Asian Americans .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by Julia Morgan at the Riverside Art Musuem in California .
Aaron Turner performs for Mamiffer .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción , Paraguay . He started out as a solo singer , and records Guarania music for Philips Records .
The Ataturk Monument in Turkey was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica , It was inaugurated July 27th , 1932 . The capital city of Turkey is Ankara .
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman which first aired on 3 October 1983 and was broadcast by STV .
The American Alan Shepard , was born on the 18th November 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA . He was a test pilot , who was selected by NASA in 1959 . He died in California .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of A . S . Roma who play in the Serie A league .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 . Shepard graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He was remembered by being awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He retired Aug 1 , 1974 . He later died in California on July 21st , 1998 .
The creator of April O ' Neil is Peter Laird .
The AIDAluna service began March 22 , 2009 . The AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc and has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
Oliver Wyss is the manager for Orange County Blues FC , the team , Akeem Priestley plays for . He also plays for Jacksonville Dolphins .
Airey Neave , who fought in the Battle of France and had a career from 4 March 1974 to 30 March 1979 , died in the Westminster Hospital , London .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was part of Apollo 11 as chosen by NASA , and is now retired .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and the Suburban Legends band . His genre is ska punk music .
20 Fenchurch Street , London was designed by the architect Rafael Vinoly . Boris Johnson is a leader of London which is led by the European Parliament .
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport , which is 25 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway name of 10L / 28R .
101 Helena was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson .
The book The Secret Scripture followed the book " A Long Long Way " , which comes from Ireland .
The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the US bombing of Libya in 1986 . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft as well as the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
A . C . Cesena , in the Serie B league , ground is in Cesena .
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport has the runway name 18L / 36R ' Aalsmeerbaan .
Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , in Spain , where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader .
Atlanta is a part of Fulton County in Georgia , in the U . S .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and its runway called 14L / 32R and is 3500 metres long .
The runway length of Ashgabat International Airport is 900 . 0 .
Pop singer Aleksandra Kovač began her career in 1990 and is associated with artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač .
The Delta II is from the United States .
Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault , it has 3000 members .
Alessio Romagnoli is part of club , A . C . Milan and Italy ' s Under 17 team , which is coached by Alessandro Dal Canto .
Christened on 7th April , 2005 , the A - Rosa Luna , is 125 . 8 metres long and has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , and the epoch date , 31 December 2006 .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is " 1732 - 2421 " .
Asam pedas is a dish from Malaysia that has the capital city of Kuala Lumpur and is led by Najib Razak .
The AIDAluna , christened on April 4 , 2004 , is 252000 . 0 millimetres long and powered by the Caterpillar Inc . engine .
The title of the leader of Ann Arbor in Michigan is the City Manager .
The official title of the Turkish leader is President of Turkey . Ahmet Davutoglu is Turkeys leader . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul . Lira is the currency used in Turkey . In Izmir is the Ataturk Monument , which was designed by Pietro Canonica and is made of Bronze .
Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style .
Alan Shepard ' s time in space amounted to 13017 . 0 minutes .
Aaron Turner played with both Twilight and Isis .
AS Roma has 70634 members and their ground is in Rome , Italy .
Abraham A Ribicoff , who was married to Casey Ribicoff , was born in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
11264 Claudiomaccone , has an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres , and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days .
Abraham A Ribicoff , married to Ruth Ribicoff , was born in the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Lincoln , Nebraska is the birthplace of Brandon Sanderson .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 . Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak and represented Kota Samarahan . Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States , where English is the language used .
Airey Neave , who fought in the Battle of France , was awarded the Distinguished Service Order , and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Akeem Priestley was born in Jamaica , where that country ' s leader is Elizabeth II .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the American Civil War , Battle of Fredericksburg and Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the Civil War .
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and was designed by Helmut Jahn .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The language spoken in Illinois State is English .
Albert B White , a member of the Republican Party of the United States , was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Alex Plante was born on 1989 - 05 - 09 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London , England . London is led by Boris Johnson and the European Parliament .
December 31 , 2006 is the epoch date of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
Assigned the OCLC number 8805735 , ' A Severed Wasp ' can be found in print .
Barack Obama , president of the US is an African American man , which is one of the ethnic groups of the United States . A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States .
Adam Holloway is a member of the Tories .
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is in St Vincent St Mary High School of Akron , Ohio .
Cookies are served as a dessert as is binignit which has the main ingredient of Sweet potatoes .
The leader of India is Narendra Modi and Agra airport is located in that country .
Massimo Drago plays for A . S . D . Licata 1931 .
The film Big Hero 6 , which stars Damon Wayans Jr , has a character called Baymax .
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 2006 . 12 . 31 and it has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . It has a periapsis of 279142000000 and was formerly known as " 1928 PC " .
Alpena County Regional Airport in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which has a runway length of 3500 is located in Paracuellos de Jarama .
The AIDAluna has a top speed is 40 . 744 .
Anaheim , California has a UTC offset of minus 7 and the area code 657 . Addditionally , it has a population of 336265 and a total area of 131 . 6 sq km .
The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini .
Antioch , California is a part of Contra Costa County California and English is spoken there .
Bakewell tart is a variant of Bakewell pudding containing franginpane which comes from the Derbyshire Dales .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana , United States . The capital of the state is Indianapolis and the language spoken is American English .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States whose leader has the title of President .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " although their nickname is Alvinegro . The club has 17000 members and were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is in the United States .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , which is also its nearest city .
10 Hygiea was formerly known as " A900 GA " .
The Albuquerque City Council , with Richard J Berry , lead Albuquerque , New Mexico , which is part of the United States . The English speaking U . S . is also home to African Americans .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which carried out the US bombing of Libya .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India was established in the year 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral .
Andrew White plays for the Kaiser Chiefs . He started his career in 2003 and is signed to the Fiction record label and formerly Universal records , now definct . He is associated with Marry Banilow .
Qiu Xiaolong penned A Loyal Character Dancer which was published in hardcover and has the OCLC number 49805501 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . This address is in Bangalore , india . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . It was established in 2000 .
The Aston Martin V8 is produced at Newport Pagnell and has a 5 . 3 l engine . The Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 are related cars .
Ellit See was born on the 28th of February , 1966 in Dallas . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin and later became a test pilot . He passed away in St . Louis .
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are related means of transportation and the Saab 9000 is similar to them . The Alfa Romeo 164 ' s assembly line is in Italy and it has a straight - four engine .
Abner W Sibal , whose military career ended on 3rd January 1965 , served in the US Army and fought in World War II . Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander in this war .
Alan Bean , who was born on 15th of March 1932 and selected by NASA in 1963 , is now retired .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in the United States . This was designed by Robert A . M Stern and completed on 1st June 2009 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
The DeSoto Custom ( made by DeSoto Custom ) and the Dodge Coronet vehicles are alike . The former car is related to the 1955 Dodge .
Italian sauce Amatriciana is from Lazio , Italy . It includes tomato , guanciale cheese and olive oil .
101 Helena was discovered by Canadian , James Craig Watson , who died from peritonitis , in Madison , Wisconsin .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who worked as Governor of Connecticut , was born in the U . S and married to Ruth Ribicoff .
The Atlas II was launched at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 operated by the USAF .
The novel A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 . He graduated in 1957 with an MA from NWC and later went on to become a crew member for the Apollo 14 mission . Alan Shepard later died in California .
Jens Härtel has played for SV Babelsberg 03 and 1 . FC Union Berlin . He is manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located at Pacific Grove , California .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub was the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in Miri , Malaysia .
AMC Matador is assembled in the USA .
The state of Karnataka has Telangana to the northeast and the Arabian Sea to the west . It is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was granted Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
The United States has the capital city of Washington DC , and is the location of Attica , Indiana .
Amharic is the language of Ethiopia where the leader is Hailemariam Desalegn . The country is the location of Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall in the city of Addis Ababa .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas and is located 1099 metres above sea level . The total area is 233 . 9 sq km and it has a population density of 746 people per sq km .
Akrons Summit Assault has 3000 members and the chairman is Dave Laughlin .
1089 Tama ' s epoch date is November 26 , 20055 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . Its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 and apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 km .
The builder of the ALCO RS - 3 is the American Locomotive Company .
Alfred N . Phillips who was born in Darien , Connecticut , was the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut and was succeded by Albert E . Austin .
Aleksandr Chumakov ' s birth place is Moscow .
AZAL PFK has 3500 members and competed in the 2014season .
Albany , Oregon falls under Linn County Oregon in the U . S . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . where English is spoken . An ethnic group in that country are African Americans .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred in Bananaman which was created by John Geering . It was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 .
DeSoto are the manufacturers of the DeSoto Custom .
Andrew Rayel is associated with musical artists Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine . Rayel plays Trance music and he began his musical career in 2009 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name at the airport is 14L / 32R and it has a length of 4349 . 0 .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Inter Milan .
Cornell University is in Ithaca , New York and the president is Elizabeth Garrett . They are the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team .
Lee County , Alabama , is within the United States .
Flemish Region owns Antwerp International Airport , which serves the city of Antwerp .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes in the community of Madrid in Spain . Its airport is 610 m above sea level and the runway is 3500 m long .
Auburn , Alabama is located in the United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark , has 16 , 000 students and was established in 1928 .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire of the United States ) retired on 1974 - 08 - 01 and died in California .
1097 Vicia ' s orbital period is 135589000 , periapsis of 279142000000 kilometers , apoapsis of 511592000 kilometers , and a epoch on the 31st of December , 2006 .
There are 600 students an 100 academic staff at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was establishedin 1996 in Switzerland . The Dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta but it is Johann Schneider - Ammann who leads the country .
Abel Caballero was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain , who was born in Rome , was Monarch . He was also in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister , who predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis .
Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in California . He was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA . In 1959 he was selected by NASA to serve as a crew member aboard Apollo 14 .
A . S . Roma compete in Serie A .
Alex Day plays folk music with Chameleon Circuit . He was born in the UK and became active in 2006 . He is associated with Charlie McDonnell .
The A - Rosa Luna was built in Rostock and is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the US where African Americans are an ethnic group .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois .
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico , a food found in Mexico .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi . He is 178 . 0 cm tall . He has played for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon - Duchere .
Bacon explosion is a dish from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Anderson Township is in Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana which is in the US . It has an area of 107 . 43 and a population density of 523 . 9 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is located in Manhattan .
The US national , Paris Cullins along with comic book writer , Gary Cohn created the comic character of Bolt . The character has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky , .
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and its epoch date was on 13 January 2016 . Its periapsis is 279142000000 . 0 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 km per sec .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol . He died in Austria , where Doris Burs is a leader and Austrian German is the language spoken .
AS Roma ' s ground is located in Rome , Italy and they have 70634 members . They play in Serie A which has Juventus FC as former champions .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th 1923 . Having worked as a test pilot , he was selected by NASA in 1959 . Shepard later died in California .
Tory and U . K . born Adam Holloway began his political career on May 5th , 2005 .
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones was authored by Brandon Sanderson .
The A - Rosa Luna ship was ordered on January 22 , 2004 and was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemunde . The ship is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length , weighs 1850 tonnes , and has a top speed of 24 km / h .
Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa and is a member of the Laurales plant order .
The Emperor of Japan is Akihito .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia , Spain . He is a member of the Spanish Socialist Worker ' s Party and wordless as a Member of the Congress of Deputies .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland which has Irish as the official language , the euro as currency and is led by Enda Kenny , .
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio , United states . It is here that St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , which is home to Akron Summit Assault ' s ground , is located .
20 Fenchurch Street , completed April 2014 , has 34 floors and floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara , Sri Lanka .
Spanish is spoken in Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain .
Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and attached to the club First Vienna F . C . . He is additionally at the FK Austria Wien club while managing FC Kolin .
Bill Oddie , who starred in Bananaman , was born in Lancashire and has a daughter called Kate Hardie .
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars and has worked with Tab Benoit .
Switzerland is known for it ' s leader , Johann Schneider - Ammann but it is also home to the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio . It currently has 600 students and 100 members of staff and Mario Botta as dean .
The Al Asad Airbase is 618 ft above sea level .
The city of Ann Arbor , Michigan has a population of 1580 . 7 per square kilometre and a total area of 74 . 33 sq . km . Its city manager is the leader there .
200 Public Square is located at Public Square , Cleveland .
Peter Stöger is a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödling .
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain where Arròs negre is a traditional dish .
Dallas is a county in Texas .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra Plays for Kharaitiyat in the Qatar Stars League . The club ' s home is located in Al Khor and its manager is Amar Osim . Alaa Abdul - Zahra has also played for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club .
Patrick Allen is a political leader in Jamaica .
Aenir with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 is a print production .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Anaheim , California is led by the California State Assembly which is part of the State Legislature . Anaheim is located within the United States and its total area is 131 . 6 square kilometres .
Massimo Drago , who manages A . C . Cesena , was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
AZAL PFK , who play at the AZAL Arena and have a membership of 3500 , are in the Azerbaijan Premier League where they competed in 2014 . The name of the championship football team in the Azerbaijan Premier League Os the Qarabag FK .
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg which took place during the American Civil War . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War .
Aarhus Aiport is in Tirstruo which is in Denmark , whose Queen id Margrethe II .
Bandeja paisa , containing pork belly , is a traditional Colombian dish from the Paisa region .
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is available in hardcover . It has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Albany in Benton County Oregon , is part of the U . S . , which has Washington D . C . as its capital . One of the languages of the country is English and among the ethnic groups are African Americans .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia , U . S . The president is the leader of the United States and its inhabitants are called Americans . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States .
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company .
United States born Abraham A . Ribicoff , died in New York City . He was married to Casey Ribicoff . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Ponteareas , was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and Alfonso XIII of Spain ' s successor Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch .
Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the source of legislature is the National Assembly . Baku is the capital city and is the location of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , locally known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler , Texas of the United States served as a test pilot .
Batchoy is a dish found in Philippine Spanish and English speaking Philippines . Home to the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipinos .
Greene , Maine is the birthplace of Aaron S Daggett who fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Aarhus airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region . The demonym for the people of Denmark is Danes .
Batagor , Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish . Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia , which leader is Joko Widodo . Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai .
Linebacker , Akeem Ayers , was born on 10th July 1989 . His former team is the New England Patriots and he made his debut for the Tennessee Titans .
Faversham , United Kingdom born Adam Holloway is a member of the UK ' s Conservative Party .
The American Journal of Mathematics , also known as Am . J . Math , has an ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
The Antares rocket , manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office , was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014 and its final flight was on July 13 , 2014 .
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3 , 992 . 88 .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church during the American Civil War , when Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in New York state , United States . Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown in Essex County , New York .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and also Suburban Legends band . His music genre is Ska punk .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and died in the New Mexico Territory . An ethnic group in the U . S . A . are African Americans .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , in the United States . A country with many ethnic groups , such as , African Americans .
The address of Akita Musuem of Art is 142 Nakadori .
107 Camilla , discovered by C Woods , has the epoch 31 December 2006 .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand , where Agra Airport with the IATA ID of AGR is located .
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . It is the current tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet can be found all over Indonesia , Malaysia and Singapore . The chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal .
The mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is 265 . 0 kelvins . It has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres and an epoch date of 4 November 2013 .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region where the leader is Vajubhai Vala .
Alfred N . Phillips , who was born in Darien , Connecticut , was a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district and was succeeded by Albert E . Austin .
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , and its apoapsis is 605718000 kilometres .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of the Federal Assembly in that country . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland .
The order of Solanales contains sweet potato which , along with sago , is an ingredient in binignit .
ORAA is the ICAO location identifier of Al Asad Airbase , .
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region , Colombia . Lemon is one of its ingredients and is a member of the family Rutaceae and is from the genus citrus .
The comic book character Amazing - Man ' s alter ego is John Aman .
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " .
With an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days , 107 Camilla , was discovered by Nottingham born , N R Pogson , who died in Chennai .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank and play in the city of Atlanta . He has previously played with the Texas based Houston Texans .
Queen Elizabeth II rules the United Kingdom which is where the Aston Martin V8 is assembled . It is made by Aston Martin and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco , Mexico , and one of its ingredients is sour cream .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong .
Attica , Indiana is part of the United States , where the capital city is Washington DC .
Former clubs of Akeem Adams inlcude Central FC and Ferencvarosi FC .
Ab Klink ' s Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
The battle of Fredericksburg , in which Alfred Moore Scales paricipated , was part of the American Civil War military conflict during which Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , and originates from the region of Rome .
Aleksander Barkov Junior was born in Tampere , Finland .
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka , India . The leader of India is called T . S . Thakur and Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka .
The AIDAstella service began on March 17th 2013 and is 253260 . 0 mms in length .
London is governed by the Greater London Authority .
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore .
Musician Alison O ' Donnell is associated with The Owl Service and Plastik Mak .
The book " A Severed Wasp , " with OCLC number 8805735 , is currently in print .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where they speak English . The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico which is in the United States . The Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard J . Berry .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has the epoch date 31st December 2006 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 .
1793 - 10 - 23 was Alvah Sabin ' s birthdate .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest ; its Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor , the building of which began in 1700 and was completed in 1862 .
Alan Shepard was a national of the United States . He was born in New Hampshire became a test pilot and died in California .
9312 people voted for Adam Holloway who worked as a member of parliament .
At 1099 metres above sea level , Amarillo , Texas is part of Randall County , Texas . Amarillo has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres , and a population density of 746 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Dimmit County , Texas , United States .
Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular all over Southeastern Asian countries . The main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
The Universal Music Group is the parent company of Philips Records .
Abilene is located in Texas , United States .
Aberdeen born Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman , which was broadcast by the BBC , whose headquarters are called Broadcasting House .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . It is affiliated to the European University Association and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
Wiley - Blackwell ( parent company John Wiley & Sons ) is the publisher of the Addiction Journal , which has the LCCN number 93645978 .
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and can be found in hardcover with the OCLC nuber 76798317 and the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
The AIDAstella is a Sphinx - class cruise ship .
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales , it inclusdes fruit preserve / jam , .
President Barack Obama is a leader of the United States where New Mexico is located . The Navajo language is spoken there and it is the location of Albuquerque .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere , Finland .
1101 Clematis , with the epoch date December 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . The periapsis measurement for 1101 Clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
Ayam penyet comes from Java but is made nationwide and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle created the character of Baymax who is voiced by Scott Adsit .
Acura TLX , a product of Honda , has a Honda K engine and is related to Honda accord .
The Jacksonville Dolphins are based at the John Sessions Stadium .
Albennie Jones ( USA ) is a solo singer and performs in the rhythm and blues genre .
The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on June 4 , 1996 .
Juventus FC have been Serie A champions . A . S . Roma , who ' s ground is Stadio Olimpico also play in the same league .
Asam pedas is an Indonesian dish found in the Malay Peninsula .
Alvah Sabin , who was born on 23rd October 1973 in Georgia , Vermont , worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont . He was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza was Paraguay and Asuncion is where he died .
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Iraq and he plays for the Al Kharaitiyat SC as well as the Al - Khor Sports Club .
Socialist Party member Agnes Kant , who is a Netherlands national , worked at the House of the Representatives in the Netherlands . The leader there is Mark Rutte .
The United States is the birthplace of Abraham A . Ribicoff .
Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Civil War in the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry . Abraham Lincoln was a Civil War commander .
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages , and its ISBN number is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University ( Ithaca , New York ) . Cornell ( also known as Cornell Big Red ) , is an affiliate of the Association of Public and Land Grants .
Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States , where Joe Biden served as Vice President . Buzz Aldrin served as a member of the crew of Apollo 11 , a program operated by NASA . The backup pilot on Apollo 11 was William Anders .
Stuart Parker is a footballer with the Drogheda United F . C .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Greene , Maine and he died in Massachusetts . He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Germans of Romania is an ethnic group in Romania .
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender for A . S . Roma .
Alison O ' Donnel , who was once signed to London based , Deram Records , performs jazz music and is signed with the record label Stanyan Records .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans . The language spoken in the US is English , which is also the language of Great Britain .
The average speed of 110 Lydia is 17 . 99 km / sec .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan , El Salvador .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah . The runway there is 4019 feet and it is 84 m above sea level .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Governor Alfred Moore Scales of North Carolina , and Democrat , was succeeded by James W . Reid .
Ann Arbor in Washtenaw County , Michigan , where Lansing is the state capital , is part of the U . S .
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria where Austrian German is the language . Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria - Hungary and died in Graz .
Atlanta is part of both Fulton County and DeKalb County in Georgia , United States .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam , it has a runway length of 3453 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
Arros negre is from Spain and it ' s leader is Felipe VI .
Guitar player Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician . Indie Rock originated from garage rock and new wave music .
William Anders retired the 1st of August in 1969 . He was a crew member of the Apollo 8 .
Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu , is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir .
Bakso is from the chinese cuisine and contains tapioca .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , was made in Helsinki , Finland . The leader in Finland is Sauli Niinistö and the people there are Finns .
Washinton D . C . is the capital of the US where African Americans live . Akron , Ohio is also in the U . S . where mayor is the title of the leader in Summit County , ohio .
William Anders nationality is the United States , but he was born in Hong Kong .
1634 The Bavarian Crisis comes in hardcover .
Alex Day is a solo singer in the Synthpop genre which is derived from house music and originated from Disco but has it ' s sylistic origin in new wave music .
The Black Pirate , also know as Jon Valor , was created by the Inkpot Award winning American , Sheldon Moldoff .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City ( United States ) which is part of New York .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and lives in Sarawak . He represented the region of Balingian and belonged to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US where Auburn is located in Lee County . The county seat is Opelika and it is part of Alabama .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where President John Roberts is leader .
The English language , as spoken in Great Britain , was used by the authors of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians . The book comes from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . It serves Atlantic City , part of New Jersey which is led by Don Guardian .
Albert Jennings Fountain died in the U . S .
The Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines . The airport is situated 211 meters above sea level and has a 0 . 9 km long runway .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 and it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . A894 VA ; A904 VD is that celestial body ' s former name .
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office , the location of which , is Dnipropetrovsk .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois . He represented Vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , of which Burlington is the largest city .
Akeem Ayers started his career in 2011 .
The AIDAstella , operated by AIDA Cruise Line , was built by Meyer Werft in Germany .
Folk musician Alison O ' Donnell performs using her voice , a bodrhan , percussion and autoharp .
The bacon explosion originates from the US where Joe Biden is a political leader and the White Americans are an ethnic group .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System and competes in the Big 12 Conference under its president Gregory L Fenves .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland built the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov . Sauli Niinistö is the leader of Finland , where the people are known as Finns .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow , Russia .
Addiction ( Journal ) has the CODEN Code ADICE5 .
The west of Karnataka is the Arabian Sea .
Iraqi bron , Alaa Abdul - Zahra , is in the Al - Khor Sports Club and his club is AL Kharaitiyat SC .
The US is home to Native Americans and the origin place of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians .
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which can be found in hardcover and has 360 pages .
William Anders received an MS from his alma Mater , AFIT , in 1962 and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman , .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where the leader is Sergey Naryshkin . Chumakov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team and played for FC Torpedo Moscow under their manager , Valery Petrakov .
Aaron Boogaard ' s draft team is Minnesota Wild .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Armin van Buuren and Jwaydan Moyine .
Poaceae which is of the Poales order belongs to the division of flowering plants , the 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is based at the Four World Trade Centre and operates Atlantic City international airport .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso which is a food that comes from and is found in Indonesia .
St Louis , which is part of the Kingdom of France , is led by Francis G Slay and is the birthplace of Alex Tyus .
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music , a style that originated from disco .
Live Nation Entertainment is the owner of 3Arena in Dublin , Republic of Ireland where the leader of the government is the European Parliament .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippines . The main ingredients are sweet potato and sago .
Alexandria is in Indiana in the United States and whose capital is Indianapolis .
' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' which was written by Eric Flint , is available in hardcover .
The apoapsis for 1089 Tama is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and it has a rotation period of 17 . 28 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the ' TechnIcal Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education . The council is in Mumbai and the founder of Bangalore is Kempe Gowda l .
The Alvis Speed 25 ' s transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle . The Alvis Speed 25 is a full - size luxury vehicle with a straight - six engine and a wheelbase of 127 inches and its production began in 1937 .
Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the Philippines and Batchoy comes from there . Ethnic groups from the Philippines include the Ilocano people and Moro people .
Italy is where the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located . The country is inabitated by Italians and Italian is the language spoken . Italy is led by Pietro Grasso .
Albuquerque , N . M . has an area of land of 486 . 2 and total area of 490 . 9 square kilometers and its population density is 11142 . 3 people per sq km .
Caterpillar Inc . , of Peoria , Illinois , includes key member Douglas R . Oberhelman . It powers Aida Cruises owned , AIDAluna .
ENAIRE , located in Madrid , is the operating organisation of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Madrid ( part of the community of Madrid ) Spain .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed the California landmark Los Angeles Herald examiner building and The Asilomar Conference Grounds .
The United States is home to Barack Obama and Asian Americans . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was also written here .
The United States is home to an ethnic group called Asian Americans and is where you will find Alpharetta , which is in the state of Georgia .
Anderson is part of Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The leaders of France are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls where barny cakes come from .
West Germany was the birthplace of Agnes Kant , who worked as a Parliamentary group leader .
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell F . C . whose home territory is in Fir Park . Mr . Martin is a player for the Crewe Alexandra FC . that has Crewe Alexandra as its manager .
Alvah Sabin , born in Georgia , Vermont , worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont and also represented the state ' s third Congressional District . His career ended on 3rd March 1857 . He was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
Alfred Moore Scales came from the U . S .
The band Kaiser Chiefs included the member , musician , Andrew White , who , is associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the capital city is Athens . The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis and the language spoken is Greek .
Arem - arem is Javanese main course dish that comprises compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington D . C . , United States . His genre is rhythm and blues .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred as Bananaman , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and was broadcast by STV .
Abner W . Sibal was a member of the Republican party of the United States and a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District . His successor was Donald J . Irwin .
The main language used in Spain is Spanish where the leader is Felipe VI and Abel Caballero is Spanish .
Anderson is located in Madison County , Indiana , within the United States . Anderson is part of Indiana , where the capital is Indianapolis .
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from . The capital is Rome and political leaders include Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella .
Elliot See has died in St Louis . Born in Dallas he was a US national and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated the the University of Texas system . He then became a test pilot , .
Akeem Dent , who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons , was formerly with the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston , play in Texas and are owned by Bob McNair .
Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 .
The dessert Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and sometimes includes honey !
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He is a retired test pilot , who was on the crew of the NASA - operated Apollo 12 .
Dave Challinor plays at the Stockport County F . C .
Vegetables are included in the dishes Bhaji and Bajji .
The saint of Milan is Ambrose .
Erasmus University in Rotterdam is affiliated to the Association of MBAs and is Ab Klink ' s alma mater . He was born in the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte .
The AIDAstella , which is owned by Costa Crociere , is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and has a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
Abilene , Texas is located in the United States .
Abel Hernandez plays for the US Citta di Palermo club and also played in the Uruguay Olympic football team . Giuseppe Iachini is the manager of U . S . Città di Palermo . Mr . Hernandez was also a youth member of the Penarol club .
Amarillo is in Potter County , Texas , United States .
Alan Shepard is dead .
Bakso is made in China and is found in Indonesia . The main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 .
Bakso is a traditional dish found in the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
The Acura TLX is classed as a mid - size car .
Baked Alaska and the ethnic Native Americans , originate from the United States .
The A Rosa Luna is powered by an engine from MTU Friedrichshafen located in the city of Friedrichshafen and owned by Rolls Royce Holdings .
Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin , who worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont . He represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . Alvah Sabin ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States .
Buzz Aldrin was a US national , being born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
Alan Frew is from Newmarket , Ontario , .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School ( United States ) is the home ground of Akron Summit Assault . They play in the Premier Development League which hails K - W United FC as champions .
Asherton , Texas is in Dimmit County , Texas in the United States . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas .
Clyde F . C . play at the Broadwood Stadium .
Discovered by Spacewatch , ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres . An asteroid , ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and the epoch date , 27 June 2015 .
The celestial body known as ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a maximum temperature of 500 kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
Aaron Turner is a member of the Lotus Eaters Band who once played for Old Man Gloom .
Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . ) comes under the academic discipline of Management and is published by Cornell University .
Batchoy is eaten by the Moro people , an ethnic group in the Philippines .
American Elliot See was born in Dallas , was a student at the University of Texas in Austin and in 1962 was picked to join the space mission by NASA . See later died in St . Louis .
The celestial body known as ( 15788 ) 1993 SB has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . It was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons and has an epoch of 6th March 2006 .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States . She is a solo singer who performs jazz music .
A Loyal Character Dancer , written by Qiu Xiaolong , has the OCLC number 49805501 .
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and Abel Caballero is Spanish .
Baked Alaska is from France .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . Its president is B . M . Reddy .
Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed , died in Göttingen .
In January 2014 building began on the construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in the US . The building has 12 floors with a total floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) and cost 110 million dollars .
A . C . Cesena ' s manager Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and is now attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . It is 2744 meters long .
Abel Caballero was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch , who was born in Rome .
The Houston Texans play in Texas .
1971 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador , which was assembled in the USA .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and is part of the Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak party .
Elliot See was a test pilot originating from Dallas , Texas .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama . They deploy the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules as transport aircraft , and the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
The Turkish lira is the official currency of the country where Ahmet Davutoglu is leader . The country is the location of the memorial designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , a company located in Rostock , Germany . Norbert Lammert is a leader in Germany and the people that live in the country are called Germans .
Adam McQuaid , who is 1 . 9558m tall , was born in Canada in 1986 .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS ( later succeeded by the Aston Martin Vintage ) are a related means of transport .
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens and was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . Adonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Makis Voridis was his successor .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé , designed by Turin area , Gruppo Bertone ( founder : Giovanni Bertone ) , is manufactured by Abarth .
With its premier trip on March 22 , 2009 , the AIDAluna is 252000 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 32 . 2 long .
Akron , Ohio , is in the United States . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . And Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in that country .
Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . His genre was the rhythm and blues from which disco music is derived .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader and they speak Mexican Spanish .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English and from the United States where some African Americans live .
The celestial body known as ( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an orbital period of 69862200 and its epoch is on the 27th of August 2010 .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , whose headquarters are located in Ashgabat .
The demonym for people living in the United States is Americans , African Americans are an ethnic group there and is where 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written . The leader of the United States is known as the President and is currently Barack Obama .
Buzz Aldrin , a United States citizen who served as crew member on Apollo 11 , was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
The Akita Museum of art is located in Akita Prefecture in Japan , a country which has as an ethnic group Vietnamese people .
FC Amkar Perm player , Aleksandr Prudnikov , played for FC Terek Grozny . Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of Grozny based , FC Terek Grozny .
Funk is a derivative of Jazz , the music , Alison O ' Donnell plays . The musical instrument , the clarinet , is closely associated with jazz .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britain . The US includes many African Americans , and its capital city is Washington D . C .
The ALV X - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English and was published in the United States . Additionally , Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Above the Veil has a OCLC number of 46451790 .
The singer Andra was born in Campia Turzil .
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 , an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and its apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
Designed by architect 3XN and located in Denmark , the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen can be found in Denmark . It has 23 floors and is owned by Bella Center , where Marriott International is its tenant .
Ponteareas born Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Juan Carlos I of Spain ( preceeded by Alfonso XIII ) and leadership of Prime Minister Felipe González .
Elliot See joined NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is located in Dnipropetrovsk .
Aaron Deer is a singer who performs Indie rock music .
Alex Day performs electronic music .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol in Austria and died in Graz . Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria and the leader there is Doris Bures .
AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the main language is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Rhythm and blues music originated from the blues and is the origin of Funk and Disco . Andra is a solo rhythm and blues singer .
Barny cakes , made with sponge cakes , can be found in France , where they speak French and their leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ' s has the abbreviated name Acta Palaeontol . Pol . and an LCCN number of 60040714 .
The architect Julia Morgan , who was born in California , designed many significant buildings including the grounds of Asilomar Conference , the landmark Hearst Castle , Asilomar State Beach and the buildings of Chinatown in San Francisco .
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción , Paraguay . The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and Spanish is the language spoken .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base which serves the city of Fallujah has a runway length of 3684 . 0 and is 84 metres above sea level .
Ayam penyet ( Indonesia , Singapore ) has fried chicken in it .
Jens Härtel started his career playing for FC Lokomotive Leipzig . Since then he has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is currently in the RB Leipzig club and playing for SV Germania Schoneiche .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria , where the leader is Doris Bures and Austrian German is the language spoken .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic ( ZF 4HP18Q ) transmission .
Elliot See ( born on July 23 , 1927 and died on February 28 , 1966 in St . Louis ) was an American and performed as a test pilot selected by NASA in 1962 .
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , Indiana in the U . S . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
19255 1994 VK8 , has a mass of 5 . 6kg , and an apoapsis of , 6603633000 . 0 km .
Fountain County which County seat is Covington and where Attica is also located , is in Indiana , United States .
Batchoy is a dish served as a soup course .
The Aston Martin V8 , has a 5 . 3 litre engine volume , and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which is manufactured by Aston Martin . Aston Martin Virage is a related vehicle to the Aston Martin DBS .
Andra ' s occupations have included singer and reality TV judge .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and his alma mater is Harvard University . He is the doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham and also edited AIP Advances .
The ALV X - 1 rocket had a total of one launch and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Bucharest is the capital of the country , which is led by a Prime Minister .
Aston Martin Virage , which succeeded the Aston Martin V8 , and Aston Martin DBS are related types of transportation . The Aston Martin V8 is assembled at Newport Pagnell and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U . S . Route 83 and was built in 1911 .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is Penarol .
Alison performs jazz music under the record label is Static Caravan recordings and Deram Records which is located in London and Funk is a derivative of Jazz .
English is spoken in the U . S .
Agra Airport is in India .
Coming from Indianapolis , in the United States , Aaron Deer , is an Indie rock musician .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team .
Allan Shivers , served in the United States Army , and fought in World War II .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 , with an average speed of 4 . 56 km / s , has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Switzerland . Its dean is Mario Botta . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
American Ahmet Ertegun plays Rhythm and Blues music .
AIDAluna , owned by German company AIDA Cruises , uses a Caterpillar Inc . engine . Caterpillar Inc . includes key member Douglas R . Oberhelman .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in the United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
1036 Ganymed has an orbital period of 374976 . 0 seconds .
Allama Iqbal international airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the Star Spangled Banner is the anthem .
Abradab performs hip hop music , a style that originated from disco .
SV Werder Bremen II is in the league 3 Liga .
The former name of the asteroid 1001 Gaussia was A911 MD .
Alexandria is in Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana . Indiana is in the US and its capital is Indianapolis . The spoken language is American English .
Aenir was produced in print .
Aleksandra Kovač performs soul music and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Do and Kornelije Kovac .
Abdul Taib Mahmud comes from the region of Balingian .
A . D . Isidro Metapán are at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez .
Aaron Hunt , who played for the SV Werder Bremen youth team , has played for Hamburger SV and his club is VfL Wolfsburg .
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , where the euro is the currency and Spaniards are an ethnic group . Spain is also the home of the dish ajoblanco .
E Wells discovered 107 Camilla .
The Euro is the currency of Spain where arros negro comes from .
N . R . Pogson was an English national , who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He discovered 107 Camilla , which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport , which has the runway name of 13 / 31 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and died in the U . S . He fought in the American Civil War which was commanded by Abraham Lincoln for the Union .
The campus address of the Acharya Institute of Technology in India is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . " The Director of the Institute which was established in 2000 is Dr G P Prabhukumar and there are 700 postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum .
Viking Press in the United States is owned by its parent company Penguin Random House and published the book " A Long Long Way " .
AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor , who is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F . C .
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region or India . Vajubhai Vala is a leader of Karnatka and T . S . Thakur is the leader of India .
The Atlas II originates in the United States which is led by a President . The country has the capital of Washington DC and its inhabitants are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Asian Americans .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and the pop group Suburban Legends . Brian Robertson is a member of the Suburban Legends and plays trombone .
Scott Adsit starred in the film Big Hero 6 .
Graduating from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 , Buzz Aldrin ( born 1930 - 01 - 20 ) received 20 awards .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Abdul Halim of Kedah is it ' s leader .
The Colombian dish Bandeja paisa hails from the Palsa region . A main ingredient is the lemon which belongs to the Sapindales order of fruits , in the rutaceae family .
The asteroid called 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 and a periapsis measurement of 416136000000 . 0 .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage . It is served as a main course and comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area .
The epoch of 1089 Tama , formerly known as " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " is 2005 - 11 - 26 .
The Delta II came from the United States . It was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 situated at the Vandenberg Air Force Base . The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata , at 94 m above the sea level .
Onion is one variation of ingredients in Amatriciana sauce .
Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon in the United States ( capital : Washington D . C . ) .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . It originates from the United States where the capital is Washington DC .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala was established in 2001 . The leader of Kerala is Kochi .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . The Dean at the Accademia is Mario Botta .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California having been constructed in 1913 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
Acharya Institute of Technology official school colours are blue , white and orange .
Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and its first runway has a length of 9 , 001 feet .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al Talaba SC .
A Severed Wasp was published by Farrar , Straus , and Giroux which is a subsidiary of Macmillan Publishers .
Born in Ridgewood , Queens , Abner W . Sibal , worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and died in Alexandria , Virginia .
In the United States Native Americans are an ethnic group and Baked Alaska is a dish found there .
The former team of Akeem Ayers was New England Patriots .
The comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight was created by Roy Thomas and the American , John Buscema .
The Chinese dish Bakso contains noodles .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The capital of Illinois is Springfield and the leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza .
Dave Challinor plays for Tranmere Rovers F . C .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , in the United States .
William Anders , born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 , retired on the 1st of September 1969 .
Costa Crociere is located in Italy .
Aleksandr Chumakov , whose club is the Soviet Union national football team , was born in the Soviet Union and has played for FC Torpedo Moscow .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas , Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay , where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez . His birth place was Montevideo .
The ALCO RS - 3 , which is 17068 . 8 mm long , was manufactured by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
The successor of the DeSoto Custom automobile was the DeSoto Firedome .
Abner plays for Coritiba Football club and C . D . FAS .
The 63800 . 0mm long Alhambra , owned by P & O and built by the Samuda Brothers , is powered by the London based Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes .
" 1634 ; The Ram Rebellion " by Eric Flint is available in paperback with an ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens he was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and was launched at ELA - 3 .
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and is available in hardcover . It has an OCLC number of 57392246 .
Folk music is the genre of Alison O ' Donnell .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission . It was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
Aleksandre Guruli , who is 178 cm tall , played for the Karpaty Lviv FC and the AS Lyon - Duchère FC .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310 .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Moro and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups . One of the languages used in the country is Arabic .
American Aaron Deer is a solo singer from Indiana . He is an Indie rock musician and collaborates with The Horns of Happiness .
Aston Martin manufactured the Aston Martin DBS which is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8 . The latter vehicle was assembled in the United Kingdom , which is led by Queen Elizabeth I , I and preceded the Aston Martin Virage .
Alderney Airport ' s runway has a length of 877 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the inhabitants have the demonym Texan . One of the languages spoken in Texas is Spanish and Austin is the capital .
Angola , a city in Indiana , is in the United States . The same English speaking country , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Aaron Turner is a singer .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy , where the capital is Rome , the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini and Italian is the language spoken .
the currency of France is the Euro .
Austin , part of Williamson County ( county seat , is Georgetown ) , is in Texas . Houston , is the largest city , in this English speaking state .
Binignit contains the main ingredient of sweet potatoes and also contains sago .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County in California where English is one of the spoken languages .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and also for FC Amkar Perm football club .
An instrument played in country music is the banjo .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and was married to Ruth Ribicoff .
The Aarhus airport , which has a runway length of 2702 . 0 , is operated by Aktieselskab .
Bionico is a dish found in Mexico , where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of the Mexican people .
Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County , Pennsylvania and has Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast and Cumberland County , Pennsylvania to its north . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County and falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 .
The city of Aarhus in Denmark is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Harbour View F . C .
110 Lydia travels at an average speed of 17 . 99 kilometres per second .
Bakso has celery as an ingredient and is found in both Indonesia and China .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra which is a food found in Malaysia .
Wizards at War , followed by A Wizard of Mars , was published by Harcourt ( publishers ) .
The Romanian capital city is Bucharest and the country is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University and is home to the ethnic group of Germans of Romania .
Most of Atlanta , which is in Georgia in the U . S . A . , is part of DeKalb County where Dunwoody is the largest city .
Abradab plays hip hop music which has its origins in funk music . Drum and bass gets its sounds from hip hop music .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens , was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport , which is elevated 610 meters above sea level , is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . ENAIRE is the operating organization of the airport . The runway , which measures 3500 . 0 is named 18R / 36L .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the USA and it ' s leader is the President .
Cornell University is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin whose hometown was Birmingham .
Alberto Teisaire ' s successor was Isaac Rojas .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is of the media type E book .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City , Manhattan ( a part of New Netherland ) .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and studied at the University of Texas in Austin . He was was chosen by NASA in 1962 . He died in St . Louis .
Batchoy , from La Paz , Iloilo City , is eaten in the Philippines and the ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War . New York born Albert Jennings Fountain , who died in the US , fought in the same war .
Abel Calallero is Spanish and was born in Galicia in Spain . The country where Spanish is used and the leader of which , is Felipe VI of Spain .
The municipal leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian who is known as the Mayor . It has the area code of 609 , covers a total area of 44 . 125 sq km and has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
The largest city in India is Mumbai .
Bass guitarist Aaron Deer is a performer of Indie rock .
AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , has a Caterpillar Inc . engine . Caterpillar Inc . is located In Illinois and includes key figure Douglas R . Oberhelman .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and categorised as contributing property . It is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez .
Alfredo Zitarrosa started as a solo singer , plays Candombe and his record label is the RCA Records .
Banaman starred Tim Brooke Taylor and was first broadcast by STV on 3 October 1983 .
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin , who also designed the Palace Of Westminster .
The dessert of bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and has the ingredients , almond , jam , butter and eggs .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law and preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair .
Alvah Sabin , who represented Vermont , died in Sycamore , Illinois .
Ann Arbor , Michiganis 74 . 33 square kilometres large , has 1 , 580 . 7 residents per square kilometre , uses the 734 area code and is run by an city administrator .
Baked Alaska is a dessert originates from France and the country ' s leader is Manuel Valls . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba , Romania . The latin name for this university is " Universitas Apulensis " .
Blue is the colour of the New Democracy in Greece , which was the party of Adonis Georgiadis . Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Evangelos Venizelos was the deputy .
The Atlantic City International Airport in New Jersey is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who have their headquarters in New York .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . His Alma mater was NWC and he graduated with a M , A , in 1957 . He worked as a test pilot and he was selected by NASA in 1959 .
The debut team of Akeem Ayers was the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee . Ayers has also played for the Los Angeles Rams who play their home matches at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
The capital of the United States is Washington D . C . and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups . It is home to the Bacon Explosion .
320 South Boston Building , designed by architect George Winkler of the United States of America , was completed in 1929 .
Albert B White was born on September 22nd 1856 . He died in 1941 .
200 Public square is in Cleveland .
103 Hera , was discovered by Canadian , James Craig Watson , whose Alma mater was the University of Michigan , and who died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins .
The manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 is the Aston Martin and the Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage . The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the U . K . where the ruler is Queen Elizabeth II .
The Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . There are 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos 1 of Spain was Monarch he was preceded by Francisco Franco .
From the Catalonia region in Spain comes the traditional dish called Arros Negre .
An ingredient in Bakewell tart , from the Derbyshire Dales region , which is a variant of Bakewell pudding , are fruit preserves .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont - largest city ; Burlington - and ended his career on March 3rd 1857 .
Above the Veil is available in hardcover and was written by Garth Nix . It has the OCLC number 46451790 and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
Abraham A Ribicoff is from the United States .
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys who was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . The book was followed by Weymouth Sands and also Maiden Castle .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District in the Easter Province of Sri Lanka .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta , Georgia on the 27th September 1987 .
Appleton International Airport is found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Menasha in the U . S . A .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has 292 pages . The book has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 and the OCLC number 57392246 .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ground is in the town of Efxeinoupoli . It has 1500 members and plays in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP .
Canada , which is led by Elizabeth II , is the birth place of Adam McQuaid .
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 k . p . s .
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina . He plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C . and is also a member of the Portugal National Football Team .
Solo singer Alan Frew plays rock music . Rock originated from country music and later helped give rise to bhangra music .
Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the Union Army that fought in the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was a commander during that war .
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full - size luxury vehicle .
Abner W Sibal , who was born in Ridgewood , Queens and died in Alexandria , Virginia , was a member of the Republican party of the United States . He was part of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Donald J Irwin .
Attica is a city in Logan Township which is a part of Fountain County in Indiana , in the United States .
New York City , part of New York , has the Asser Levy Public Baths .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician who uses her voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp . Jazz has its stylistic origins in folk music , and has helped create the genres of Funk and Afrobeat .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas in the United States where English is the spoken language .
The Antares rocket made its maiden flight on April 21st 2013 and its final flight on July 13th 2014 . It was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Anders Osborne , an exponent of Rock music , is signed to the record label Alligator Records .
P & O company is located in London .
The length of the 3rd runway at Andrews County Airport is 2939 feet .
The Ampara Hospital is in Ampara .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy which has the capital city of Rome and is led by Pietro Grasso .
Ariane 5 is manufactured by the European Space Agency , the launch sitte was ELA - 3 launchpad . The final flight of Ariane 5 was on the 18th December 2004 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbr . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences . It ' s ISSN and LCCN numbers are 1732 - 2421 and 60040714 , respectively .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region .
Al Anderson plays country music with NRBQ band and started his career in 1966 . He was born in Windsor , Connecticut and once played with The Wildweeds .
NR Pogson , who was born in Nottingham , discovered 107 Camilla on 17 November 1868 .
Trance music has its stylistic origins in pop music .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Collin County , Texas . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system . The University of Texas at Austin is competing in the Big 12 Conference and their mascot is called Hook ' em .
Adam McQuaid is 1 . 9558 m tall .
Alex Tyus , now in the Euroleague , played for Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C .
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka , the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee .
Alfred Garth Jones died in around 1944 .
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled at Newport Pagnell and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS .
The epoch of 1097 Vicia is on 13 January 2016 . It has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km .
The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin located in Bethesda , Maryland .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . It is available in hardcover and has 448 pages .
AI Anderson from the band NRBQ plays the guitar and performs rock music . Rock music originated from country music , and a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Alexandria is part of Madison County in Indiana where the state capital is Indianapolis .
NASA operated the Apollo 12 mission , whose commander was David Scott . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot , and Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeer , Texas , served as a crew member .
Appleton in Wisconsin is served by Appleton International Airport which has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level . It is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and has a runway length of 1982 .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviating to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics .
Aleksandr Barkov Jr . ( weight 96 . 1632 kgs ) was drafted by the Florida Panthers , whose general manager is Dale Tallon .
Anzio born Alessio Romagnoli is in the Italian national under16 football team and has also represented UC Sampdoria .
The former name of 1089 Tama is " A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; " and it ' s epoch date is 26 November 2005 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec , an orbital period lasting 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
London is the capital of England where Dead Man ' s Plack can be found . It is a rock formation dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Atlas II originated from the US , where the people are called AMericans , the capital city is Washington DC and there is an ethnic group called NAtive Americans .
Indie rock is derived from Garage rock and is the type of music performed by keyboard player Aaron Deer .
Black Metal artist Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner created the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial . It is made of red granite and white marble .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , in the United States .
Akeem Ayers ' former team is St . Louis Rams .
Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis are the leaders of Greece where the demonym for the inhabitants is Greeks . Athens , a Greek city , is served by Athens International airport .
The fullname of A . C . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l .
Aktieselskab is the operationg organisation for Aarhus Airport ( runway name of 10R / 28L is 2777 . 0 meters ) is 25 metres aboce sea level .
Adam McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets .
The comic character , Blockbuster ' s alternative name is Roland Desmond .
94509 and 94531 are postal codes for Antioch , CA .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is published in English , that is the same language sppoken in Great Britain . The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and there are many Asian Americans .
Auburn is in Alabama , in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The French language is spoken in France where Barny cakes are found and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartalone .
Rock guitarist Anders Osborne is signed with Alligator Records and associated with Johnny Sansone . Bhangra derives from rock .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , United States . It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
Born in Câmpia Turzii , Andra is a solo singer who performs in the musical genre of dance - pop . She has also worked as a reality TV judge .
Baked Alaska is thought to have originated in the United States , France or China .
Acoustic solo singer Allen Forresr was born 1981 , in Fort Campbell , Kentucky ; He lived in Dothan , Alabama .
The United States , which is led by a President , is populated by Americans , including the ethnic group of African Americans . The country is the location of Albany , part of Dougherty County in Georgia .
Created by Mondelez International ( founded n Chicago ) , Barny Cakes come from France where François Hollande and Manuel Valls are leaders .
Almonds are part of the Rosaceae family , and one of the members of the Rosales order . They are also part of the order of Rosids and a flowering plant . Ajoblanco has almonds as an ingredient .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas which is part of the community of Madrid . The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers , is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine and is 63800 . 0 mms in length . It is owned by the London based company P & O .
410777 2009 FD has a mean temperature of 258 Kelvins .
Auburn , Alabama has an area of water that is 1 . 7 km .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in Sidcup .
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
Aleksander Barkov Jr . plays in the National Hockey League where most championships have been won by the Montreal Canadiens .
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop which is derived from house music .
Alan Shepard was American born in New Hampshire , went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard which is is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . Alan Shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in California .
Charlottetown was the birthplace of Adam McQuaid , who was born in 1986 , and now weighs , 94 . 8024 kilograms .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell records for Static Caravan Recordings and Fruits de Mer Records .
Italians are the people who live in Italy , where the language is Italian and Sergio Mattarella is the leader . It is also where the capital is Rome and the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located .
Bakewell tart ( variant of Bakewell pudding ) is enjoyed in Derbyshire Dales , which is led by Patrick McLoughlin . It includes fruit preserves .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of 26th November 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and was the author of Weymouth Sands . This book was preceded by Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance , and followed by the novel Maiden Castle .
A . D . Isidro Metapán is playing in it ' s ground at Metapán .
Bhajji is a dish made from whet or corn flour and includes vegetables .
Alfred Moore Scales , who was born in Reidsville , North Carolina , belongs to the Democratic Party in the United States and served as Governor of North Carolina , where he was succeeded by the politician James W Reid .
Aarhus Airport , operated by Aktieselskab has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a name of 10L / 28R .
Born in Ridgewood , Queens , Abner W . Sibal , was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan and has a 2 , 9 km long runway identified by the name 18R / 36L .
Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
Albany , Oregon is in Benton County United states where english is spoken , Native americans are an ethnic group , and Washington D . C . is the capital .
The Audi A1 has a 6 - speed manual transmission .
The Aston Martin V8 , succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , and manufactured by Aston Marton , is similar to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Anders Osborne was signed to the record labels the Shanachie Records and Alligator Records which are are associated with the Blues .
The founder of the BBC was 1st Baron John Reith and it is located at Broadcasting House in London . The BBC broadcast Bananaman and also produce BBC radio .
Stuart Parker once played for Runcorn FC Halton , is attached to Irlam Town Football Club and is now a manager of A . F . C . Blackpool .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , with its sedan body style , is made in Italy and has a straight - four engine . That vehicle is related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 .
Pop singer Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kovač and Kristina Kovač . Pop is the origin of disco .
The British Arabs are one of the ethnic groups to be found in England , where the capital city is London . Also located in the country is Dead Man ' s Plack , a stone formation dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Washtenaw County in Michigan is located within the United States .
American , Karl Kesel , is the creator of the comic character , Auron .
Alex Tyus is in the Euroleague and plays for Maccabi Ashdod B . C .
The full name of the A . F . C . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde , " they have 3180 members and their ground is Kellamergh Park .
Located in the United States , The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , the address of which is 101 Ukrop Way .
Aaron Boogaard ' s club is Wichita Thunder and he is 1 . 905 in height . He was born in 1986 in Regina , Saskatchewan .
Agustin Barbozawas born in Asuncion , Paraguay . The Mestizo people are an ethnic group of , Juan Afara led , Paraguay .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is in Denmark , whose leader is Margrethe ll .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County . Carroll County and Frederick County in Maryland lie to the southeast and southwest respectively .
Aarhus Airport is found in Tirstrup , Denmark where Lars Lokke Rasmussen is its leader .
Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States in which English is the language and is home to 250 Delaware Avenue .
Texas is in the United States but the capital is Washington , D . C . and the largest city is New York City . Abilene is part of Texas and they speak English there .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States .
1001 Gaussia , formerly known as " 1923 OAA907 XC " , was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky . It has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres and an orbital period of 5 . 75 days . Its epoch is on 31st July 2016 .
Made in Italy is the Alfa Romeo 164 which has a V6 engine . It is similar to the Fiat Croma which is similar to the Saab 9000 car .
A Wizard of Wars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic Group . The book is written in English which is a language spoken in Great Britain .
101 Helena has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 and a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 km .
The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is trance , which is originated from house music . Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine , who is connected with John Digweed .
Alternative rock performer Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow . Alternative rock can be traced back to New Wave music and in turn it gave rise to Nu Metal .
The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Addiction ( journal ) abbreviated to Addiction has an ISSN number of 1360 - 0443 , a LCCN number of 93645978 and was published by Wiley Blackwell on behalf of the Society of the Study of Addiction .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong in 1933 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MS and became a test pilot . He retired on Sept 1st 1969 .
American U . S . born Abraham A Ribicoff is married to Ruth Ribicoff . A United States ethnic group is African American .
Albennie Jones ; was born in Errata , Mississippi , has a background as a solo singer , and performs in the rhythm and blues genre .
English , Native Americans , and Angola , Indiana are all found in the United States of America .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin FC and also played for PAS Tehran FC .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al .
The black pirate , also known as Jon Valor , was created by Sheldon Moldoff , an American who has won the Inkpot award .
An ethnic group in Malaysia which is led by Abdul Halim of Kedah are the Malaysian Chinese . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the United States where A Wizard of Mars originates . This novel is published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Stuart Parker is a member of Irlam Town FC and manages AFC Blackpool which is based in the city of Blackpool whose leaders are the Conservative Party UK .
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works ; its runway length is 600 .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the United Kingdom and died in Sidcup .
The celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 .
Ayam penyet includes fried chicken and is a dish enjoyed by the Javanese of Java and also found in Malaysia .
The average runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 2989 . 0 m .
101 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who studied at the University of Michigan and later died of peritonitis .
Abel Hernández ; who played for Central Español , is a member of Penarol ' s youthclub and plays for the club , U . S . Città di Palermo .
Armin van Buuren , whose musical genre is house music , is associated with Andrew Rayal . Rayal is also associated with musician Jwaydan Moyine , who in turn is associated with music artist John Digweed .
Al Kharaitiyat SC play in the Qatar Stars League .
Kellamergh Park is the location of the home ground for AFC Fylde who have 3180 members . . Their full name is " Association Football Club Fylde " and they played in 2014 .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of AD Isidro Metapan . He is connected to Allianza FC and the FC Dallas as well as playing for the El Salvador national football team .
The Atlas II , originates from the United States and its launch site was the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
The solo singer Alan Frews was born in Coatbridge .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem , a Javanese dish , are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has a capacity of 17000 and is located in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad , whose birthdate is 1 July 1976 , plays for Al - Naft and his club is Steel Azin FC .
The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira .
Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales . Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and it can be served warm or cold .
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . The latter dish may contain ketchup .
Alan Martin ' s football club is Motherwell FC .
Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin and was the designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe . Abarth was founded by Carlo Abarth and they manufacture the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
The AMC Matador has a station wagon style body .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and uses Lockheed AC - 130 attack air crafts . Among the air crafts of the USAF can be found the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster and the McDonnell douglas F - 15 Eagle . The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force .
The band Kaiser Chiefs included the member Andrew White , who ' s genre is alternative rock . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock , who ' s stylistic origin is punk rock .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas .
AL Kharaitiyat SC , who play at Al Khor in the Qatar Stars League , and is managed by Amar Osim , is a former team of Alaa Abdul Zahra . He has also played for Tractor Sazi FC .
Both the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown , in New York , United States , are served by Adirondack Regional Airport .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama was once the leader .
Ayam penyet is from Singapore region where standard Chinese is spoken .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities . It is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin . He died in St Louis , .
Dayton Dutch Lion are the club of Akeem Priestley , who played for the Connecticut Huskies youth team and represented the Jamaica national football team .
Gruppo Bertone is located in Italy and designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
The AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) complete name is the " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and then went on to become a test pilot . Elliot See died in St . Louis .
Born on 1891 - 05 - 20 , born in Mendoza , Argentina , Alberto Teisaire , was a Rear Admiral by profession . He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas .
Bananaman ( created by Steve Bright ) was first broadcasted by the BBC on the 10 / 03 / 1983 , and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania whose national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
The footballer Alan Martin plays for Leeds United F . C .
Allen Forrest ' s genre is Hip Hop music which originated from funk music .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft of Rostock , Germany ( home to the Germans ) .
Anderson is part of Union Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S .
Jens Härtel ' s club is Berliner AK 07 ; the first club he played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig and he has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
DeSoto Custom was manufactured by DeSoto .
13017 , 0 minutes is the time Alan Shepard spent in space .
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in Netherlands .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where they speak English and are led by Paul Ryan .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba , Romania and its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a minimum temperature of 211 . 0 kelvins .
The leader of Buenos Aires is Diego Santilli .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County in California which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area . The city is led by a mayor and Spanish is spoken in the state .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
The Alvis Speed 25 has a 31 . 48 tax horsepower engine and an impressive transmission .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 , and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The length of the runway at Agra Airport in India , which lies 167 . 94 metres above sea level , is 1818 . 0 . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and it is operated by the Airports Authority of India .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length , has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
Bionico , from the Guadalajara region of Mexico , is made with sour cream .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone that was founded in Bologna by Mr . Giovanni Bertone . Abarth manufactures the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
Al Anderson was born in Windsor , Connecticut , United States and is part of the band NRBQ .
Aida Cruises owned AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc . Caterpillar Inc . was founded in Illnois in the United States .
Walter Baade , who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He graduated from University of Gottingen and died in Göttingen .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and makes a living as an Illustrator .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and died on February 1st , 1896 in Dona Ana County , New Mexico Territory .
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia where Joko Widodo and Bakso comes from . Bakso is popular all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries .
Madison County , Indiana is in the country of the United States .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township which is in New Jersey .
Cumberland County in Pennsylvania is situated north of Adams County which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was erected in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property . Franklin County can be found to the west and Carroll County Maryland is to the southeast .
The successor to Albert B . White was William M . O . Dawson , who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s birthplace was Niger State and he attended The Technical Institute , Kaduna . Mr . Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria and his successor was Al - Amin Daggash .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which was designed by Robert A M Stern .
The ISSN number " 0001 - 8392 " is for Administrative Science Quarterly .
Vfl Wolfsburg play in the Bundesliga .
Alan Shepard was a US national , who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 / He served as a test pilot and was hired by NASA in 1959 . He died in California .
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv . ) has the impact factor 1 . 524 .
Akron , Ohio lies 306 . 0 above sea level and has the area codes of 234 and 330 . It has a total area of 161 . 54 sq km of which 0 . 88 sq km is water , and a population density of 1239 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia , United States .
The Aston Martin DBS is manufactured by Aston Martin and isa related means of transport to the The Aston Martin V8 which has a 5 . 3 litre engine . It was eventually succeeded the Aston Martin Vantage .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is US Boulogne .
The state of Karnataka is positioned with Telangana to it ' s northeast and the Arabian Sea to it ' s west . The state is home to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore . The Institute is known for Tennis being one of the sports offered which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . The Acharya Institute also has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The comic character Asterix , sometimes called Astérix , was created by Albert Uderzo .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania in the United States , and falls under the category of Contributing property .
Makis Voridis was born in Athens .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States and written in English .
AFC Blackpool ground is located in Blackpool and they play in the English Football League .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where Pierce County is located . Auburn is located in the county which is part of the state of Washington where the largest city is Seattle .
The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Anders Osborne started performing in 1989 .
Chorizo is an ingredient in the Colombian dish of Bandeja paisa which originated in the Antioquia department .
The Atlas II is from the United States where The inhabitants are called Americans and the language is English . United States has ethnic groups including African Americans and its leader is entitled The President of the United States .
Alfredo Zitarrosa , born in Uruguay , plays Taquirari music for RCA Records . He is a solo singer .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and he died in London .
The city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka , India which lies southwest of Telangana is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology ffiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Institute was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education based in Mumbai .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , the largest city of which is Burlington . Alvah Sabin ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 and died in Sycamore , part of Dekalb County , Illinois .
Abel Caballero , born in Galicia , Spain , was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch . Queen Sofia of Spain is the wife of Juan Carlos I of Spain .
The full name of AC Chievo Verona , which has 39371 members and plays at its ground in Verona , is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " . The team played in the 2014 season .
Luis Miguel Ramis was a manager of Real Madrid Castilla .
A . S . Roma of Rome Italy , has 70634 members and plays in Serie A where Juventus F . C . are champions .
Previously owning club Varese Calcio S . S . D . , Rolando Maran now manages club Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona .
Alan Shepard was awarded with the American Defense Service ribbon .
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company , which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Co . The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine capable of producing 31 . 48 tax horsepower .
Batchoy is a type of soup from the Philippines and includes the main ingredients noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . Alvah Sabin represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and a member of the Whig Party ( led by Henry Clay ) of the United States .
Standing 178 . 0 cm tall , Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi . His club is FC Karpaty Lviv .
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors .
Elliot See , a US national , has died in St Louis . Born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas he graduated from the University of Texas at Austin ( a competitor in the Big 12 Conference at Austin ) and became a test pilot .
Ajoblanco , a dish with Spanish roots , is a mix of bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil . It originated in the Andalusia region and is also known as Ajo Blanco .
The Javanese fried chicken dish Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
Bakewell pudding and tart are from the Derbyshire Dales and are made from shortcrust pastry .
Rolls Royce Power Systems is the parent company of MTU Friedrichshafen is in Friedrichshafen , whose engine powers the A - Rosa Luna .
The surface of the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is poaceae and is 34 meters above sea level . The runway name is 03L / 21R and the length is 518 . 0 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 600 students and has a leader call Johann Schneider - Ammann . Switzerland has a Federal Assembly as its legislative body .
Juha Sipilä is a leader in Finland .
DeSoto are the manufacturers of the DeSoto Custom which is a related means of transportation to the 1955 Dodge and Chrysler Newport .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County , California which has Tom Tait as its leader and English is spoken . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim .
Aaron Turner was born in the United States and began to perform in 1995 . Hus genre is black metal music and he has played with the Twilight band and the Lotus Eaters band .
J . V . Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ice .
Alberto Teisaire belonged to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Perón was president . Juan Peron was in office while Hortensio Quijano was vice president .
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte .
Solo singer Alan Frew was born in the United Kingdom but resides in Newmarket , Ontario , Canada .
Arlington is in Tarrant County , Texas , United States . Austin is the state capital , while Houston is the largest city inTexas .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in the US . He was a test pilot and began working for NASA in 1962 . He died on Feb 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
Aleksandr Chumakov passed away in Moscow .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas , Spain and served as the Minister of Transport .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was king . Juan Carlos I of Spain preceded Alfonso XIII of Spain .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where A Severed Wasp originates . The language of both the US and Great Britain is English .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh part of Bundelkhand . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force . The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter there .
To the southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania , where11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located , lies Carroll County , Maryland .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is published by Springer Science and Business Media .
Appleton International Airport ; has an elevation of 280 metes above sea level , has a runway length of 1982 . 0 , and a 3 / 21 is the runway name . It is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton ( Wisconsin ) .
Paris Cullins is an United States national that created the comic character " Bolt " .
Baked Alaska comes from either Paris , New York or Hong Kong .
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the leader is Laura Boldrini .
The distributor of Big Hero 6 ( film ) is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I , who succeeded Francisco Franco , was monarch of Spain .
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University . The LCCN number is 57059226 and the abbreviation is Admin . Sci . Q . .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , whose capital is Rome . The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the official language is Italian .
Tomato is an ingredient of the BLT and a bacon sandwhich is a variation .
The capital city of Belgium is Brussels .
The mid - sized car , Acura TLX , has a front Honda K engine design and is made in Marysville , Ohio .
Chicago is part of the State of Illinois .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and fought in World War II .
The United States is the location of Albuquerque , New Mexico and includes the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups .
Adare Manor in Adare , County Limerick was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham and completed in 1862 .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) has a ship beam length of 24 . 4 .
The apoapsis for 110 Lydia is 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , it has a rotation period of 39332 . 9 .
Ahmet Ertegun , whose genre is rock and roll , comes from Washington D . C . , in the United States .
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham , Alabama , designed by architect John Main , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
With the governing body of Cleveland City Council , Cleveland can be found within Ohio , United States , and is the location of 200 Public Square .
Aleksandra Kovac , a rhythm and blues artist , started playing in 1990 .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi which is in the United States .
Alderney Airport is 88 metres above sea level .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the capital city is London . The AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . Their parent company is Wolters Kluwe .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the language is English .
Baked Alaska is from France and is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong . The leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher . French is spoken there .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where The African Americans are an ethnic group . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press who are located in the U . S .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is Turkmenistan Airlines whose HQ is in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . The runway length at the airport is 3800 . 0 .
Alan Fitzsimmons discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 SB and it has the epoch date of March 6th 2006 , and a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 .
The Indian Air Force operates the Agra Airport .
The USAF operates Al Asad Airbase where General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighters can be found . The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force .
Indiana is located within the United States .
The architect Alfred Giles died in Kendall County , Texas .
Alan Shepard served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 .
Abilene , Texas is part of the United States of America which has Washington D . C . as the capital .
The Acharya Institute of Technology which is in Bangalore in the state of Karnataka , got its Technical Campus status from the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbia . The institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Arabian Sea is west of the state .
Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright . It was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 .
Allen Forrest ' s genre is Hip Hop music .
Massimo Drago once played for US Castrovillari Calcio , is in the club Calcio Catania and manages A . C . Cesena .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and held office as Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally before being succeeded by Makis Voridis .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America where Albany , Georgia is located .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group found in the United States , which has Washington DC as its capital . The country is the location of Akron which is led by a Mayor , in Summit County , Ohio .
Aaron Turner , who plays Drone music , played with the band Twilight and Mamiffer .
T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands .
A dessert , Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients . Originating from the Derbyshire Dales , it can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is in C . D . FAS .
Akeem Ayers made his debut with the Tennessee Titans who are based in Nashville , Tennessee . He previously played for the LA based Los Angeles Rams who are coached by Jeff Fisher .
29075 1950 DA has the epoch date of 27 August 2011 and its periapsis is 124950000000 . 0 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans .
The manager of the Orange County Blues FC is Oliver Wyss .
Paulo Sousa is a member of the Portugal National Football team and is the manager of ACF Fiorentina .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita ; Akita Prefecture , Japan , which is led by Shinzo Abe and has the ethnic group Filipinos .
The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in the city of Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where the language spoken is Amharic .
John Madin was the architect of 103 Colmore Row which has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
The main ingredients of batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , are noodles , pork , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Gardens , and the landmark Los Angeles Herald Examiner building in California .
Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and is the manager of AFC Fylde .
The College of William and Mary own Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way , Virginia .
Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards in the military and was involved in Gulf War battles . Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War .
1634 : The Galileo Affair and it ' s sequel 1634 : The Ram Rebellion were both written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al .
The book " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print .
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Ethiopia , where the currency is the Ethiopian birr .
Akeem Ayers once played for the Los Angeles Rams , who are located in LA .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It was established in the year 2000 and has Dr G P Prabhukumar as Director . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Aleksandra Kovac , a solo singer , performs soul music .
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen II and currently plays for Vfl Wolfsburg while belonging to the youth club SV Weder Bremen . .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and its tenant is the Marriott International .
Canada is the birthplace of both Adam McQuaid and the Inuktitut language .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey , in the United States .
Pork belly is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Peter Stöger is a player in FC Admira Wacker Mödling . He is also the manager of FC Kolin and is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club .
William Anders time in space is 8820 . 0 minutes .
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey ( İzmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonica , is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 . The Turkish leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoglu .
The now deceased Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 .
The runway length at Aarhus Airport is 2777 . 0 meters .
The leader of the United States is Barack Obama , and in Albuquerque , New Mexico ( United States ) , the leader is called , the United States House of Representatives .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music , the stylistic origins of which , come from Blues . The clarinet one of the musical instruments closely associated with jazz . Funk is a derivative of Jazz and Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz .
A . C . Cesana , whose ground is located in Italy , plays in Serie B .
A . C . Cesena has 23900 members and the ground is in Cesena .
1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 kilometres per second .
Elizabeth II leads Canada that has O Canada as its national anthem . Aaron Boogaard was born in that country which has an ethnic group called Black Canadians .
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes , part of the flowering plant division , and belonging to the order of Solanales , in the family of Solanaceae .
Auburn is located within the state of Washington , United States .
William Anders graduated with a M . S . from AFIT in 1962 . He then went on to work for NASA and became a crew member on Apollo 8 along with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot and Frank Borman as the commander . William Anders then retired in 1969 .
Alison O ' Donnell plays Psychadelic folk music on the autoharp .
K - W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League , which is the league Akron Summit Assault play in . Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , in Akron , Ohio , in the United States .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA - 3 , which is operated by Arianespace and is located at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou , French Guiana .
Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim , California , where Chinese is one of the languages spoken . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim and is located within the United States .
Irish is the official language of the Republic of Ireland .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , the capital of which is London .
Mexico , led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo , is the home of a dessert called bionico . Hailing from the Guadalajara region , bionico variations include cottage cheese .
Al - Khor sports club ground is in Al Khor .
The spanish dish arros negre is traditional .
One of the languages spoken in Texas is Spanish . Abilene , Texas , is in the United States . The country ' s capital is Washington , D . C . , and the biggest city is New York City .
Rolando Maran is a member of the Calcio Cantania .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is called President and Native Americans live .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department in Colombia . One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family and belongs to the Sapindales order .
The city of Anderson is part of Indiana ( U . S . ) , the capital of which is , Indianapolis .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 1996 . It has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600 .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) provided spare parts for NaeL Minas Geraisand and the remainder was scrapped in 2000 .
Bananaman which first aired on October 3rd , 1983 on the BBC , starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Bionico , a dessert , is found in Mexico . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of that country . Ice cream is also considered a dessert .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . That airforce was involved in the invasion of Panama . The Lockheed AC - 130 are found on USAF carriers and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle is one aircraft fighter found with the airforce .
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines , where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish , and batchoy is eaten .
Bananaman was broadcast by STV from 3 October 1983 until 15 April 1986 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling .
Gruppo Bertone of Turin , Italy was founded by Giovanni Bertone and designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Moro people are an ethnic group and the language used is known as Philippine Spanish .
The Country music band NRBQ ' s singer Al Anderson was a member of The Wildweeds .
Pakistan ' s leader is Mamnoon Hussain .
The United States includes the ethnic group of Native Americans and is the location of Fulton County Georgia . Atlanta is the largest city in the county which is also the location of Alpharetta .
Adam McQuaid was born on Prince Edward Island and weighs 94 . 8024 kg .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and performs the musical genre of rhythm and blues which is the derivation of Disco music .
Cornell University is in the city of Ithaca , New York .
Alex Tyus started to play on the professional level in 2011 .
White rice is an ingredient of Arros negre which is a traditional dish from Spain .
107 Camilla was discovered on November 17th 1868 .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia , United States .
The singer Andra ' s genre is rhythm and blues which has funk as a derivative .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada and his weight is 94 . 8024 kgs .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders in Greece where the capital city is Athens and the Greek language is spoken . The country is also the location of the A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club .
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club . He has also been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and represented FC Sachsen Leipzig .
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , New York , New York State .
Andra is a rhythm and blues solo singer who was born in Romania in 1996 and has also been a reality TV judge .
Albany is located in Georgia , United States at 62 . 0 above sea level . The population density is 535 inhabitants per sq km within a total area of 144 . 7 sq km .
Barack Obama is the leader of the English speaking United States . The country where Anaheim , in Orange County , California , is located . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim .
Alan Shepard is an American , was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California .
The ALV X - 1 originates from the United States which uses the English language and has an anthem known as The Star Spangled Banner . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans and the capital city is Washington DC .
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) derives from Argentina , the capital of which , is Buenos Aires .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Barack Obama is the president . It is also the country that A Fortress of Grey Ice is from .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia , where the currency is the Ethiopian Birr .
AFC Blackpool have 1500 members and their ground is located in Blackpool .
The comic book character Auron , with the full name Lambien , was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel , who is from the United States .
A . C . Chievo Verona is in the league , Serie A and play in Verona .
Caterpillar Inc . is located in the U . S .
Julia Morgan was born in California . She is the architect behind Chinatown in San Fransisco , the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum , which is one of her most significant buildings .
Abradad is a part of the rich hip hop culture with genres such as : jazz , gangsta rap , drums and bass playing .
Akeem Adams clubs are Ferencvarosi TC and Trinidad and Tobago national under 17 football teams .
Homer Elihu Royce was the successor to Alvah Sabin , who born in Georgia , Vermont . His stae was Vermont , and he worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont . Alvah Sabin represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and was succeeded by , Homer Elihu Royce .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of Birmingham and the city has the postcode area ' B ' .
The leaders of Uruguay is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Tabaré Vázquez . Montevideo is in the country of Uruguay and Alfredo Zitarrosa passed away in that city .
The location of Asser Levy Public Baths is New York City in the United States . New York City was part of New Netherland , but now Manhattan , where Gale Brewer is the leader .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and a leader is Najib Razak .
The Purple Finch is a bird living in New Hampshire .
Jazz music performer , Alison O ' Donnell is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings and her recording label is Floating World Records .
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was created in 1928 and has an academic staff size of 737 people .
Knightsbridge , London is the birthplace of Airey Neave , who was in World War II .
Allan Shivers was succeeded by Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Armin van Buuren .
Khadija Arib is a leader in the House of Representatives .
Akeem Priestley ' s youth club was Harbour View F . C . He now plays for the Dayton Dutch Lions and the Antigua GFC .
Aenir , written in English , is an Australian novel . It was followed up by Above the Veil .
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877 .
Akeem Adams died in Budapest , Hungary . He was a member of the United Petrotrin FC club who play at the Palo Seco Velodrome , and also played for Central FC .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge New Jersey ) was a fighter pilot and went to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 .
The epoch for ( 29075 ) 1950 DA ( mass of 4 . 0 kilograms ) was on the 27th of August 2010 and it has an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Athens , they have 69618 members , compete in the Superleague Greece and played the 2014 - 2015 season in the Football League ( Greece ) .
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Orbital ATK .
The book , " A Long , Long Way , " published by Viking Press , was followed by " The Secret Scripture . " .
Located at the California State Capitol , The California State Senate , leads Anaheim , California .
Beef kway teow includes palm sugar and is served in Indonesia and Singapore .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine and 12 cylinders and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . It was built by the American Locomotive Company .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol in Austria and later died in Graz .
Hip hop music derives from Drum and Bass and Disco . Allen Forrest is a Hip Hop musician .
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which is a musical derivative of house music .
The author of Above the Veil is Garth Nix and it was produced in Print with an OCLC number of 46451790 and an ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
Aarhus airport is 25 metres above sea level and operated by Aktieselskab . The runway name is 10R / 28L and it has a length of 2777 . 0 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language and it comes from the U . S . , where there is and ethnic group of African Americans .
AC Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy and they have 23900 members . They play in the Serie B league of which Carpi FC 1909 are the champions .
20 Fenchurch St . was started in Jan . 2009 and completed in April , 20014 . It has 34 floors and is 62145 . 3 square meters .
Ahmet Ertegun died in the U . S .
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta .
The A - Rosa Luna was ordered on the 22nd of January 2004 and its top speed is 24 . 0 . The A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and weighs 1850 tonnes . .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician .
Alcobendas is part of the community of Madrid .
The ALV X - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and has had 1 launch failure .
Alvah Sabin , born Georgia , Vermont , worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and represented the state ' s third Congressional District . He died in Sycamore , Illinois and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where the Greeks live .
The Mason School of Business currently tenant Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 in the United States .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advance ( abbreviated to AIP Adv . ) and Harvard University is his alma matter .
Alan Bean ' s full name was " Alan LaVern Bean " .
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and an epoch date of 31 December 2006 .
William Anders was born 1933 - 10 - 17 and he received a MS from AFIT .
Agra airport is located in India , where two of the leaders are T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Anaheim , California has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , 336265 people live there and has a UTC offset of - 8 . 657 and 714 are area codes there .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv who is managed by Oleh Luzhny .
Albany is a city in Oregon , U . S . A . , and one of the country ' s ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
Buzz Aldrin had 20 awards .
Atlanta in Georgia , has an area code of 404 and a population density of 1299 people for each of its 344 . 9 square kilometres ( total area 347 . 1 sq km ) .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union within the United States .
Albany is part of Linn County , Oregon in the United States .
The main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage . It comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States .
Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica .
Avocado , of the genus persea , is a member of the Lauraceae family and is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League which is based in Brazil . Previously , Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of this league .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont where he worked as Secretary of State .
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members and plays in the 2011 PDL season .
The Atlas II was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . It is 3 . 04 metres in diameter and its final flight took place on 5 December 2002 .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region , Colombia and one of its ingredients is Hogao .
The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C .
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants , the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon . It constitutes the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport .
British people live in the United Kingdom .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the capital city is Austin , the English language is spoken and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano .
Established in 2000 and currently with 700 post - graduate students , the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , India . The institute ' s president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and has a 5 . 4 metre diameter . It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre , making its maiden flight on 4 June 1996 and its final flight on 18 December 2009 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is a hardcover publication .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India has a staff of about 500 , the university ' s motto is " Nurturing Excellence " .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) contains the ingredient of olive oil and originates from Spain .
Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level and has the location identifier ATW .
The Plymouth Plaza was manufactured by Plymouth and is a related kind of transport to the 1955 Dodge .
Ajoblanco contains water and is from Andalusia .
Jean - Michel Aulas is the chairman of Olympique Lyonnais , the home ground og which is , Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium . Former Olympique Lyonnais club player , Aleksandre Guruli . plays for FC Dinamo Batumi which is managed by Levan Khomeriki .
Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region . It includes Avocado which is a plant of the laurales order , belonging to the Lauraceae family .
A Severed Wasp was written in the English language .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 is in Pennsylvania .
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin which affiliated to the University of Texas System . The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . Elliot died in St . Louis .
Albennie Jones who was born in Errata Mississippi , is a solo singer and plays blues music .
Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong and is from France , the U . S . or China . Its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where they speak English and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
The Tennessee Titans , coached by Mile Mularkey and located in Nashville , Tennessee , was where Akeem Ayers made his debut . He later played for the Los Angeles Rams , whose home ground is at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Luciano Spalletti plays for Virtus Entella .
Bacon explosion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is a leader and where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , which is in the Luanda Province of Angola . " South Runway " is a runway name at this airport .
The nickname of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , or " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " , is Lucky Ajax . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014 - 15 Topklasse season and have 5000 members .
English is spoken in Texas , which is part of the United States , where the capital is Washington DC . Texas is the location of Amarillo , which is in Potter County .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and the language used in the country is Amharic .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada that has O Canada as its anthem and Elizabeth II as its leader . One ethnic group in the country are Black Canadians .
Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico , in the United States .
Amsterdam - Centrum is part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax is based .
The A - Rosa Luna was built in Germany by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde and is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long . That ship displacement is 1850 tons and its top speed is 24 . 0 .
Albert B . White , born 09 / 22 / 1856 in Cleveland , began his career 03 / 04 / 1901 and retired 03 / 04 / 1905 . His successor was William M . O . Dawson .
Alexandria , is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County , Indiana , where Indianapolis is that State ' s capital .
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore which is located in DeKalb County , Illinois .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , part of the Community of Madrid in Spain . The airport is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid .
Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , fought in the Battle of France .
The leader of Italy is Matteo Renzi .
The Alhambra is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
Doris Bures is a leader of Austria , where the language is Austrian German . In the Austrian state Tyrol , Alfons Gorbach was born , he also died in Austria .
Addis Ababa City Hall , a 140000 . 0 floor area , 42 metres high building , was built between 1961 - 1964 .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
Aleksandr Chumakov has played for FC Torpedo Moscow and is now their chairman . He was a member of the Soviet Union national football team and the FC Torpedo Moscow also participated in the 2014 - 15 Russian Premier League . The club is managed by Valery Petrakov .
The singer Andra ' s birth place is Câmpia Turzii .
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km . It ' s orbital period is 5 . 57 days , has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km , and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
Abraham A Ribicoff is an American national of the United States , a country where the African Americans are an ethnic group . He was married to Chicago born Casey Ribicoff and died in New York .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located 911 meters above sea level in Sao Jose Jos Pinhais . and has the ICAO location identifier SBCT . The runway , which is 1800 . 0 in length , is named 15 / 33 .
Julia Morgan was born in San Fransico and she designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Los Angeles Herald examiner building , a landmark in California . The Riverside Art Museum is also one of her significant buildings .
The Atlas II was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 run by the US Air Force .
1099 Figneria , which has an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 km , has a mass of 2 . 7kg and the epoch date of 31 December 2006 . The apoapsis is 605718000 kms and the orbital period is 179942000 . 0 .
103 Colmore Row actually on Colmore Row has 23 floors .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire in 1923 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service medal by the USnavy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal . He retired in 1974 and died in California .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , located in Denmark , is a tenant of Marriott International Hotel , which includes key figure Bill Marriott .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1977 in Dallas . He attended the University of Austin and worked as a test pilot . He died on Feb 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
Barny Cakes can include straweberries and contain 1 . 8 g of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates and 4 . 8g fat .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London , the leader of which , is Boris Johnson . Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for the Russia national football B team .
Alan Shepard is from the United States .
Elliot See died in St Louis in France where the mayor is Francis G Slay .
The Audi A2 is built by Audi Brussels and has a 1 . 2 litre engine .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey , United States . The capital of the US is Washington DC and the largest city in the country is New York City .
Appleton International airport serving Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , USA , which is part of Dale , Wisconsin . Appleton is also part of Kimberly in that state of Wisconsin .
The novel Maiden Castle followed the novel Weymouth Sands .
Uttar Pradesh is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra airport at 167 . 94 metres above sea level , .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico in the United States and is led by the New Mexico Senate . English is spoken in the U . S .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cyril Ramaphosa as a leader .
AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde , " they have 3180 members and are based at Bryning Lane .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , born in New Britain , Connecticut , worked as the US Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla , they speak Indonesian and eat bakso .
Aaron Turner , who has played for the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom , performs the genre post - metal , which sometimes uses the cello .
The country of Austin , Texas , is United States .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co and they manufacture the Acura TLX . The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord and it has an inline - four engine .
The construction of Adare Manor was completed in 1862 .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom , and its engine volume is 5 . 3 litres . The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and the Aston Martin DBS .
The main ingredient of binignit is coconut milk and it also contains sago . The dish comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines .
Baked Alaska is from France and also served in Hong Kong . Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong and Manuel Valls is a leader in France .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia , the country where Malaysian Indians and Malay people are ethnic groups . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . Greek is spoken in Greece and the capital is Athens .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania and was erected in 2000 .
Aleksandr Chumakov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team . He played for FC Torpedo Moscow , the manager of which , is Valery Petrakov .
Aaron Bertram is a non vocal instrumentalist .
Arem - arem is a Javanese dish that contains banana leaf .
With a background as a solo singer , Alan Frew , is from Newmarket , Ontario , in Canada .
Gruppo Bertone was founded in Italy by Giovanni Bertone who designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
Alison O ’ Donnell was in the band Mellow Candle and is associated with the Plastik Mak .
Born in Greece , Adonis Georgiadis ' s alma Mater was the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens .
The AMC Matador is assembled by the Australian Motor Industry including the year 1971 . It is a relative means of transportation to the AMC Ambassador .
The Ariane 5 had its first voyage August 11 , 2005 and its last flight on December 18 , 2009 Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland and it has a floor count of 45 . Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States .
Arem arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and is commonly served in Indonesia where the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas ( whose indigenes are called Texans ) , United States .
Argentines live in Argentina .
Ace Wilder is an exponent of Hip hop music .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2702 . 0 .
Julia Morgan , San Francisco native , is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the grounds of Asilomar Conference .
The AIDAstella is currently in service and is operated by AIDA Cruise Line ; it was built by Meyer Werft , is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and has a beam of 32 . 2 m .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
A bacon sandwich , which comes from the United Kingdom , consists of bacon inside two slices of bread .
Ernie Colton and Paris Cullins created the comic character Bolt . Cullins is from the US .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam , in 1958 - 11 - 02 . Ab Klink is from the Netherlands , where the currency is the Euro and where the leader is , Mark Rutte .
Born in Manchester , Alfred Garth Jones , was a professional Illustrator .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is the key person at Caterpillar Inc located in the US . Their engine powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow and is from Singapore .
Arlington is located in Tarrant County , Texas . Fort Worth , Tarrant County is the largest city in Texas , the state capital of which is Austin .
The Appleton International Airport ' s location id is " ATW " .
The celestial body known as 110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000 , an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km / s . It ' s epoch date is December 31 , 2006 .
The abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg .
Al Anderson , who was born on March 13th , 1947 , plays with NRBQ and was once a band member of The Wildweeds .
Frank de Boer is in the Ajax Youth Academy .
Alessio Romagnoli , formerItalian national under - 19 football team member , plays for the club A . C . Milan . Siniša Mihajlović is manager of A . C . Milan , which is in Serie A league .
Akita is located in Japan . In that city there is a museum of Art with the same name and it is part of Prefecture .
Atlas II originates from the United States , where the inhabitants are called Americans . Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States , where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The AMC Matador , or VAM Classic , with its AMC V 8 engine , is assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league from Brazil and have the nickname Alvinegro . The league champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Andrew White was a member of Kaiser Chiefs and associated with Marry Banilow .
3Arena is located in Dublin .
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Anzio . He was in the club Italy national under 17 ' s and has represented the club U . C . Sampdoria .
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Aston Martin V8 , succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , is related to and Aston Martin DBS and assembled in the U . K . where Elizabeth II is the leader .
The leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is within the United States and led by the New Mexico Senate .
Texas is located in the United States , and its state capital is Austin . The Andrews County Airport is located in Texas .
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is a city in Greece .
Almonds are a member of the Rosales , or Rosids order , and are an ingredient of ajoblanco .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at thee Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmnark . It has 16000 students and was established in 1928 . It is affiliated with the European University Association .
The Plymouth Plaza was manufactured by Plymouth .
There are 22 floors in 320 South Boston Building .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the Magistrate of Aarus , southwest of Mols in Denmark . The country ' s leader is the Monarch of Denmark , Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the national relgiion is the Church of Denmark .
Avocado is a fruit of the Laurales order and Lauraceae family . It is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa . That dish comes from Antioquia Department region in Colombia .
Abel Hernandez , who is in the Uruguay Olympic football team , played for Penarol ( managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva ) in his youth . His current club is Central Espanol who play in the Uruguayan Segunda División league .
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Ahmedabad , Gujurat , India . The leader of Gujarat is called the Gujarat Legislative Assembly , where one such leader was Anandiben Patel .
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur , and the chinese are one of the ethnic groups .
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which was involved in the United States invasion of Panama , and who use an aircarft fighter called McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle .
Aleksandre Guruli is 178 . 0 cm tall and his clubs are FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon - Duchere .
Alvah Sabin , who ended his career on 3 March 1857 , was a member of the United States Whig Party led by Henry Clay .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both AFC Ajax and Vitesse Arnhem .
English is the spoken language of Great Britain and the United States . In the United States an ethnic group is African American and the book A Loyal Character Dancer is published .
Found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , has a runway that is 4349 metres long .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s alma mater was the Technical Institute Kaduna .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where A Fortress of Grey Ice is from . It was published in English , the language that is spoken in Great Britain .
The celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700 , a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 , and an epoch date of 14 July 2004 .
William M O Dawson was a member of the United States Republican Party .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires .
Cornell University , of Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . The president of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett and the university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The dish originates from the Paisa region of Colombia .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 , which stars Alan Tudyk .
Ajoblanco comes from Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic group . The country ' s leader is Felipe VI of Spain and the language is Spanish .
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia , of which Albany is the capital .
Akron Summit - Assaults ground is St Vincent - St Mary High School which is located in Akron , Ohio , USA . The leader of Akron , Ohio is Dan Horrigan .
Aaron Turner has played with Twilight and Isis .
Transport Minister Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia , Spain .
Adam McQuaid , drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets ( Columbus , Ohio ) and plays for Boston ' s , Boston Bruins , which is managed by Don Sweeney .
John Madin was an architect who was born in Birmingham . He designed 103 Colmore Row , which was completed in 1976 .
Adam Koc was born in Congress in Poland .
FC Alania Vladikavkaz player , Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team , the home ground of which , is Otkrytiye Arena .
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle .
ENAIRE is located in Madrid .
The European Space Agency manufactured the Ariane 5 which was launched at ELA - 3 .
The United States House of Representatives , leads Albuquerque , New Mexico , in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alex Tyus plays for Pallacanestro Cantu in the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Alex Day was born in the London Borough of Havering , United Kingdom .
AMC Matador is a full size class of car .
Abilene Regional Airport which serves the city of Abilene in Texas is 546 metres above sea level . Its runway is 2194 . 0 long and is named 17R / 35L .
Alan B . Miller Hall is situated in Virginia , United States , and has the Mason School of Business as a tenant .
A dish from Sumatra , Malaysia and Indonesia called asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg which occurred during the American Civil War .
Alfred Moore Scales , started his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 , and fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville . Battle of Chancellorsville was part of the American Civil War conflict , during which , Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Alex Tyus ; was born on 8th January 1988 , drafted in 2011 and played for the college Florida Gators men ' s basketball team .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred as Bananaman , which was broadcast by STV .
Baked Alaska is said to have originated in Hong Kong or France . Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders of France .
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 is Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California . It has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places and was designed based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny . Th club which has its grounds in Grozny and which is managed by , Rashid Rakhimov .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia .
Bacon is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which is from the Kansas City metropolitan area , in the United States .
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors , it ' s construction began in January 2014 is located in Buffalo , New York .
The singer Andra and the singer Puya are associated with each other .
These books were published in the following order : Wolf Solent , A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio of Switzerland has 600 students . Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of the country and the legislature comes under the Federal Assembly ( Switzerland ) .
Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines and is made of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where the Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax are also tenants of .
Guarania style musician Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay . He has a background as a solo singer and is signed to Philips Records .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway , which is 3500 in length , is named 18L / 36R .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia . The Batak and the Minangkabau are ethnic groups from Sumatra .
Both Baked Alaska and the cookie are desserts . Baked Alaska comes from France , where Manuel Valls is a leader .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) and he also plays in this team . The leader of Blackpool council is the Labour Party ( UK ) .
Taro is a main ingredient of Binignit .
The inauguration date of the bronze Ataturk Monument was July 27th , 1932 .
Airey Neave whose military career began in 1935 , ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
In Texas ( United States ) , the are called Texans and Austin is the capital . The largest city is Houston and Andrews County Airport is located in Texas .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , and a Greek leader is Nikos Voutsis .
The Euro is the currency in Spain and the leader is Felipe VI . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain in the Catalonia region where the leaders are the Parliament of Catalonia .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( OCLC number of 1480153 ) is published by Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States .
Angola International Airport , with a runway named 05L / 23R , is located at Ícolo e Bengo , which is in the Luanda Province of Angola .
There is a straight - six engine in the 1955 Dodge car .
Akron Summit Assault play in the 2011 PDL season .
Peter Stoger , manager of 1 . FC Koln , is also in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club .
The tomato belongs to the genus Solanum , is part of the family of Solanaceae and is a member of the order Solanales . It is one of the ingredients of amatriciana sauce .
A Long Long Way is published by Viking press in the United States .
A Wizard of Mars , which was written by Diane Duane , was published in hardback .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , a Historic district in the United States , is located at the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county Frederick , Maryland , and was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 .
Aaron Deer is an artist for the band Wee Giant .
Aaron Boogaard plays for Wichita Thunder .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region , a part of Derbyshire . Fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales .
Adam Koc ' s nationality is Poland , where one of the ethnic groups , is Romani .
Garth Nix wrote Aenir , published in paperback . The OCLC and ISBN numbers are 45644811 and 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 , respectively .
Andra is a solo singer who sings Rhythm and blues . Funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music .
The Aston Martin V8 is a Coupe .
Elizabeth Garrett is president of Cornell University in Ithaca , New York . The University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly .
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish and also a variation of Shumai , a dish which contains shiitake mushrooms .
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , United States .
The Acta Palaeontological Polonica , Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , is focused on Paleontology and has the ISSN number 0567 - 7920 .
White rice is used in Arros negre which is from Spain .
The SEAT Ibiza and the Audi A1 are similar means of transport .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and was produced in Hardcover .
American Abraham A . Ribicoff worked as the U . S . Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and is married to Ruth Ribicoff .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina , Saskatchewan in 1986 .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
Aleksandra Kovač , was born in 1972 , in Yugoslavia . A solo singer , her musical genre is pop music . Disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music and therefore can be considered a fusion genre .
Aaron Turner plays electroacoustic music .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet and originates from Singapore . It can also be found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
Alfred Worden was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 .
Aleksandre Guruli is in the FC Zestafoni club .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the leaders is Joe Biden and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
The 1000 Piazzia ( formally known as 1923 NZ1951 OB ) has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 2015 - 06 - 27 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . It was published in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music , the musical genre of Ace Wilder . Hip hop music has its origins in Disco .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish – Soviet War which was a conflict within the Russian Civil War . Leon Trotsky commanded the Polish - Soviet War and Koc later died in New York City .
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18C / 36C Zwanenburgbaan .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Zestafoni and his club is Olympique Lyonnais , who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia in the state of Vermont and worked as the secretary of the State .
Indie rock is the genre of keyboardist , Aaron Deer . Indie has origins in New Wave and garage rock music .
Alan Shepherd was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923 . He was selected to serve with NASA in 1959 , and died in California .
The AMC Matador was produced at Port Melboune , Victoria in 1974 .
AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham . A T Charlie Johnson is a United States national and studied at Stanford University .
20 Fenchurch Street was designed by the architect Rafael Viñoly .
The capital of Argentina is Buenos Aires .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rock and roll music and has a background in non performing personnel .
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia and has palm sugar as an ingredient .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI .
The total area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres and the city is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives .
Atlanta is the capital of Georgia , United States .
The people of Greece are called Greeks .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Angola in the Luanda Province . Its runway is 3800 m long and 159 m above sea level .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages and published in Hardcover with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Amarillo , Potter County and Austin , Texas are all in the United States .
" The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 and the height of 3Arena is 28 . 0 meters . The 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin and the 3Arena is a concerts and events venue type building . " .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia which is led by Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn .
Aaron Turner has played for Old Man Gloom and Greymachine band .
The American , Duncan Rouleau created the character of Baymax who appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk .
Elliot See died in St . Louis , was born on the 23rd of July 1927 and performed as a test pilot .
The former name of 1089 Tama is " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " .
Amarillo , Texas ; is 1099 metres above sea level . has a total area of 233 . 9 SqKm , and the population density of 746 people per square kilometre .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the capital is Rome .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is made from red granite and white marble , is found in Azerbaijan is known to Turks as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems , or , ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . , has a ISSN number of 1558 - 2868 and a LCCN number of 89646863 .
Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish Soviet War .
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 .
The Dodge manufactured 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom . The DeSoto Firedome was preceded by the DeSoto Custom , which is a related means of transport to Chrysler Newport .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , 560090 , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Test pilot Elliot See graduated from University of Texas at Austin , he was born in Dallas and died in St . Louis .
Allen Forrest is a solo pop music singer who was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell , Kentucky but was raised in Dothan , Alabama .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and her record labels are Static Caravan Recordings and Fruits de Mer Records .
The area code in Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) is 609 .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States . The country ' s capital is Washington D . C .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 m long and was made by Montreal Locomotive Works . They only made 1418 of these .
Luciano Spalletti , who was at the club Virtus Entella , manages A . S . Roma .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was awarded Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education based in Mumbai . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
With a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins , the asteroid called 109 Felicitas , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometres per second , and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
Spanish born , Abel Caballero , was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch . Juan Carlos I of Spain ' s predecessor was Alfonso XIII of Spain .
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 . The periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kms and the apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 kms .
The leader of Ethipoia is Hailemarian Desalegn and Addis Ababa City Hall is also located in Ethiopia .
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , KY in 1981 and he was raised in Dothan , AL . He is a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
Austin is the largest city in Travis County , Texas .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . He performs as a test pilot , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 and his time in space was 100305 . 0 minutes .
Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport is located in Haarlemmermeer .
Akeem Priestley played for Sheikh Russel KC .
Washington D . C . is the origin of Ahmet Ertegun , who performs rock and roll music . He has a background as a non performing personnel .
A Long Long Way comes from Ireland , where there is ethnic group of white people . The book is published by Viking Press which has the parent company Penguin Random House .
Birmingham is led by the City Council and the Labour Party and has the B postcode . It is the hometown of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Andrew Rayel is associated with both the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and with Bobina .
The total area of Auburn , Alabama is 140 . 8 square kilometres .
Musician Andrew White , was signed to the record label Fiction and London based , Polydor Records .
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music . Previously a member of The Wildweeds , Al Anderson , plays the guitar . He os a member of the band NRBQ , which performs rock music .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece which is led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . The language of the country is Greek and the currency is the euro .
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who used to play for Chelsea F . C . AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece , which was previously won by Olympiacos FC .
The Dead Man ' s Plack , found in England , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . England ' s capital city is London , the main religion is the Church of England and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the British Arabs .
The garlicy dish Ajoblanco ( also known as Ajo blanco ) is from the Andalusia region of Spain .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines . The runway 11 / 29 is 2989m long and is 211m a . s . l .
Akron , Summit County , Ohio is part of the United States . The U . S . has its capital as Washington DC and is home to Americans and African Americans .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and is written in the English language .
Abel Hernández was part of the youth club Peñarol that participates in the Uruguayan Primera División . Abel Hernández also plays with the U . S . Città di Palermo club which is in the Uruguay National football team . The Palermo club is managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Batagor , Shumai and Siomay ( which includes peanut sauce ) are variations of the same dish .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Adams County , Maryland , US . West of the County is Franklin County , Pennsylvania and Cumberland County lies to the north . Carroll County in Maryland lies to the southeast .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . S . Roma in Serie A .
" Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet , an Indonesian dish which is made nationwide and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
Alfons Gorbach , who was born in the state of Tyro , was in office during President Adolf Schärf ' s reign .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol who are part of the Uruguayan Primera División . He has also played for Hull City and U . S . Città di Palermo , where the manager is Giuseppe Iachini .
Americans are inhabitants of the United States which uses the spoken language of English and includes Native Americans among its ethnic groups . The country is also the location of Albany , Georgia .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S .
Barny Cakes were introduced in 1999 .
Operation Enduring Freedom was a battle involving the United States Air Force .
A Long Long Way was published in both Print & Paperback . It has the OCLC number of 57392246 and the ISBN numberr of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Previously signed to Deram Records , Alison O ' Donnell , is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings . Alison O ' Donnell ' s musical genre is folk rock .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ( spouse Casey Ribicoff ) , is a national of the United States , the country where one of the ethnic groups , is African Americans .
A Fortress of Grey was made in print and has 672 pages . It was written by J V Jones .
Halton Arp and Allan Sandage were doctoral students of Walter Baade , the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed . Baade graduated from the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany .
Ayam Penyet is a fried chicken dish from Java , Malaysia . The main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from the regions .
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department in Colombia . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are connected . Aston Martin V8 was built in the United Kingdom .
Bacon Explosion hails from the United States , where Paul Ryan is a leader and the capital is Washington DC . Asian Americans are an ethnic group there and the leader of the country has the title President .
The AIDAluna ship began serving on March 22 , 2009 .
SV Werder is in the Bundesliga league .
Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia , where there is a traditional dish called batagor . The dish is similar to siomay ( which contains peanut sauce ) and shumai .
The footballer Abner was born on 30 / 05 / 1996 and plays for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and Coritiba Football Club .
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
The comic character Airman , AKA Drake Stevens was created by Harry Sahle and George Kapitan .
Abilene , Texas is located in the United States , a country which has many ethnic groups , such as Asian Americans .
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins .
Angola , Indiana is in theUnited States of America , where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans .
Ann Arbor ( Michigan ) , has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres .
The leader of India is called T . S . Thakur .
Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation . Its runway ' s name is 10R / 28L and is 2776 . 0 feet in length .
101 Helena has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 3 kgs . It has an orbit of 1516 . 6700000000003 days , a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 km and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kms .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas United States .
Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States led by Joe Biden . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 . On Apollo 11 the backup pilot was William Anders .
Built by the American Locomotive Company , the ALCO RS - 3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . The ALCO RS - 3 ; has a diesel - electric transmission , a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which competed in the Big 12 conference in Austin . He became a test pilot and died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 . .
Appletone International Airport can be found in Greenvile , Wisconsin and also serves Appleton . It is elevated 280 metres above sea level and the runway is 1 , 982 metres long .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce , which is a dish that comes from Italy .
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia and Sumatra . Malaysia is the ethnic home of the Malaysian Chinese , and the Minangkabau people are and ethnic group from Sumatra .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Ayam Penyet is a Malaysian dish including the main ingredients of " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal . The dish can be found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . A Wizard of Mars is from the US which includes many Asian Americans .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas and was in office during the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain whose predecessor was Francisco Franco .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Peron , was President of Argentina . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires whose leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta .
Anaheim , California has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was written by Eric Flint , has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Salem Church where Aaron S Daggett also fought .
London is the capital of The United Kingdom .
Baked Alaska , containing Christmas pudding , is from France and Hong Kong .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London , a place led by the European Parliament .
The Los Angeles Rams play in Los Angeles .
Akeem Ayers formerly played with the St Louis Rams who are based in the city of St Louis and coached by Steve Spagnuolo . He made his debut with the Tennessee Titans who are based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy , where Italian is spoken , Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which Aaron Turner performed for House of Low Culture .
Iinfluenced by Robert A Heinlein , Eric Flint ( born in Burbank California ) is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s prequel The Grantville Gazettes , a collection of DeMarce short stories .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvania . Erected in 2000 the Monument falls under the category of Contributing property .
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument , made of Bronze , in Izmir is the 27th of July , 1932 and located in İzmir , Turkey .
John N Dempsey was preceded by Abraham A Ribicoff .
One of the cities in Alabama is Auburn . Alabama is part of the U . S . and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans .
Alfred Moore Scales who came from the U . S . , where African Americans are an ethnic group , was at the Siege of Petersburg which was part of the American Civil War conflict . Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War .
The piano player Andrew Rayel is associated with a number of musical artists , these include : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns ( an exponent of house music ) , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Awadh and part of Bundelkhand . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force whose transport aircraft is the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
Chicago is part of Cook County , Illinois .
Having previously played with The Wildweeds , Al Anderson , whose musical genre is country music , plays with the band NRBQ .
Aaron Turner played with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
Bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which comes from the United Kingdom .
The Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is in the U . S .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is the primary language . In addition Native Americans are an ethnic group in the USA .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest and its leader is Kochi . The Ganges is a river in India and India ' s largest city is Mumbai .
The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Tom Lyle .
27 June 2015 is the epoch date of 410777 2009 FD which has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs and was discovered by Spacewatch . It has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
66063 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and a periapsis of 41498400000 , its epoch is on the 13th of January 2016 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km / s and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
Houston is the largest city in Texas where there is also Austin .
BBC radio is one of the products of the BBC .
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC and he is a member of the United Petrotrin FC .
Jens Härtel , the manager of FC Magdeburg also plays for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig , SV Babelsberg 03 and he has played for FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Abel Hernández plays for the club , U . S . Città di Palermo .
Giuseppe Iachini is the manager of U . S . Città di Palermo .
Antioch is part of California where Vietnamese language is spoken .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ' s engine can hold 2 . 5 litres .
Born in Errata , Mississippi , Albennie Jones began his musical career in 1930 . He is performer of rhythm and blues which originated from the blues and has disco as a derivative .
Akeem Dent ' s birthday is 09 / 27 / 1987 .
Ahmet Erteguns genre is The Blues .
White Americans live in the United States .
Al Anderson , a member of the band NRBQ , performs rock music .
N . R . Pogson died in Chennai .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and he died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He fought fought in the American Civil War which was where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
The runway at Andrews County Airport in Texas is named 16 / 34 and is 8 . 0 in length . The airport serves the city of Andrews in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level .
The main ingredients of Batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
The book ' A Long Long Way ' was published by Viking Press which is in the United States .
Adam Koc nationality is Polish .
Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
Batagor should be served " hot " .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin who are competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See died in St . Louis on February 28 , 1966 .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC whose home ground is at Al Khor . He also played for the Iraq Under 20 football team .
Aaron Hunt played for the club SV Werder Bremen which is in the Bundesliga league and managed by Viktor Skrpnyk . He now plays for the Vfl Wolfsburg .
The 11th Mississippi INfantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pa . It is categorized as a Contributing Property and was established in 2000 . Carroll County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel . Marriott International was founded in Washington DC .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York and has 12 floors .
Akeem Adams once played for the Trinidad and Tobago national under - 17 football team .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s birthplace was Connecticut . He died in New York City , New York in the U . S .
The ship A - Rosa Luna ' s launch date was the 16th December 2004 .
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for club Pallacanestro Cantu .
Meyer Werft was the builder of the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises .
Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres , and a land area of 486 . 2 square kilometres . It also has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
The Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Reserch centre discovers the asteroid ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 .
Arem arem comes from Indonesia , a country led by Jusuf Kalla .
Madison County , Indiana , is located in the United States .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana , United States .
" 1999 SN5 " was the former name of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which has an epoch date of 2013 - 11 - 04 .
Walter Baade graduated from University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed . Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad , whose club is Esteghlal Ahvaz F C . plays for Al - Naft .
Bananaman starred Bill Oddie , who was born in Rochdale .
Abner W . Sibal fought in World War II which saw Franklin D . Roosevelt as a commander .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham and studied at Magdalene College , Cambridge , fought in the Gulf War and began his parliamentary career on 5th May 2005 .
Alex Tyus played for Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C .
Abraham A . Ribicoff died in New York .
The first runway at Angola International Airport is known as 5 and is 159 metres above sea level .
Alan Martin plays football for Crewe Alexdranda FC managed by Steve Davis , and also for Clyde FC who have their home ground at the Broadwood Stadium .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the United States , the country , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Paraguay born Agustin Barboza , died in Asuncion .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , US and was a test pilot .
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died at Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , serves Luanda which is located in Angola and is part of Luanda Province .
Blues artist , Anders Osborne is associated with Tab Benoit , as well as the musical artist Billy Iuso and with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Born on 23rd October , 1793 , Alvah Sabin , was a member of the United States Whig Party , the leader of which , was Henry Clay .
Akeem Priestley is connected to the Orange County Blues Football club which is managed by Oliver Wyss , but he also plays for Jacksonville Dolphins who have their baseball field in the John Sessions stadium .
The in - service icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard .
Atlantic City is in New Jersey , United States . The capital of New Jersey is Trenton . The largest city in United States is New York City .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand operated Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) which is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . The runway , which is named 03R / 21L , has a length of 597 . 0 .
Beef is an ingredient of Batchoy .
Folk music of Ireland is the genre performed by Alison O ' Donnell .
Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin where the 3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment is located .
Abel Hernández plays for U . S . Città di Palermo club and the Uruguay National football team .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
Malaysia has the Malaysian Chinese as an ethnic group , asam pedas as a local dish and Abu Zahar Ujang as a leader .
Aaron Boogaard was born in 1986 in Saskatchewan and he plays for Wichita Thunder .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D . He was selected by NASA in 1963 , was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 , spending 52 minutes in space .
The Acura TLX , with a v6 engine , is made in Marysville , Ohio .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It has been given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai .
Alfred Garth Jones is from Manchester , UK , and died in Sidcup .
The epoch of the dark asteroid 1000 Piazzia is June 27th , 2015 . Its former name is 1923 NZ1951 OB and its has an escape velocity of . 0252 kilometres per second while its periapsis is 352 , 497 , 000 , 000 kilometres .
101 Helena had an epoch date on 2006 - 12 - 31 and its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres . It ' s periapsis is 331683000 . 0 mms and its orbital period is 1516 . 6700000000003 days .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and died in the New Mexico Territory . The U . S . is home to African Americans .
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Okeh Records and the record label ' which Alligator Records ' , is located in Chicago . Alligator Records main genre of music is the blues .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba , in the state of Parana . Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party and is part of the South Region , Brazil .
Aaron Deer was born in the United States , in Indiana . Aaron Deer , whose genre isPsychedelia , has a background as a solo singer .
Agnes Kant , a Netherlands national , worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands . She belonged to the Socialist Party of the Netherlands , a group led by Emile Roemer .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , where the purple finch is a native bird .
Stan Lee created the comic character Balder .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Arabic speaking Iraq .
Test pilot Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 .
Black metal electric guitarist Aaron Turner plays for Mamiffer and has been a member of the band Twilight . Black metal has a fusion genre called death metal .
Little Chute is part of Appleton which is served by Appleton International Airport . Appleton is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Alan Frew plays rock music which is originated from country and folk musics . The Bhangra music is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The Suburban Legends is a pop music band .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is a contributing property and located in Gettysburg and Adams County in Pennsylvania .
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom , where the currency is pounds sterling .
Discovered by Spacewatch , ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , has a mass of 8 . 3 kilograms and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
Greece ' s leaders Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Greek is spoken .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa ( led by Jacob Zuma ) , where Cape Town is the capital and white South Africans are an ethnic group .
The Euro is the currency in the Netherlands , the leader of which is Mark Rutte . Netherlands nationalAgnes Kant , is a member of the Socialist Party in Netherlands .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama ( formerly known as 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 ) is the 26 of November 2005 . 1089 Tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport ( in Alcobendas ) , has a runway named 14L / 32R and a runway that is 3500 metres long .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is President . The English language is used both in the US and in Great Britain .
Steve Spagnuolo is the coach of St Louis Rams .
Lumezzane played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season . and has 4150 members .
Ajoblanco contains water and is from the Andalusia region .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , originally published in English , is from the United States , which includes African Americans among its ethnic groups .
Dead Man ' s Plack is in England and one of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs .
A . T . Charlie Johnson resides in the United States .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , which was was built in 1911 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places . .
The celestial body known as 103 Hera has a temperature of 170 kelvins .
Akeem Adams has played for Central FC and United Petrotrin FC , the latter of which play at Palo Seco .
103 Hera has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
Andrew White was a member of the alternative rock group , Kaiser Chiefs .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club and the Olympique Lyonnais club . The latter club plays its home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 and it has a mass of 2 . 7 kg .
The American , Duncan Rouleau created the character of Baymax which appeared in the film Big Hero 6 alongside the star of the film , Scott Adsit .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the leader is Jacob Zuma and the capital is Cape Town . Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa .
The Accademia di Architettura , established 1996 , has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England and was a Conservative politician , also known as Tories . He attended Magdalene College in Cambridge .
Albuquerque is part of New Mexico .
Batchoy includes poultry ( bird ) ; chicken .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 1933 . 10 . 17 . He served as a fighter pilot prior to being selected by NASA in 1963 .
Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Aaron Hunt ' s youth club was Goslarer SC 08 .
Alessio Romagnoli is currently with A . C . Milan whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America , where the biggest city is New York . Atlantic City ( in Atlantic County , New Jersey ) , is in the United States , where Washington D . C . is the capital .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , 973 meters above sea level and serves the city of Andrews . The runway at Andrews County Airport is called Helipad and is 8 meters long .
The United States , with its capital of Washington D . C . , is home to Asian Americans and The Atlas II .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was a student at Technical Institute in Kaduna , was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . He was born in Niger State and was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for Bury FC and currently for KV Mechelen .
The printed book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , was written by Eric Flint and has 448 pages .
Antwerp International Airport , which serves the city of Antwerp is owned by the Flemish Region . Its operating organisation is the Flemish government . It is situated 12 meters above sea level and the length of the airport ' s ruway is 600 . 0 .
Batchoy , a soup course , contains the ingredients noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef and originates in the Philippines .
Adam McQuaid was born on the 12th of October 1986 , in Charlottetown He now weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
The comic book character Arion was created by Jan Duursema .
Frank Borman was a crew member on Apollo 8 .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where the Russian language is spoken . He plays for FC Torpedo Moscow under the manager Valery Petrakov and was previously a member of the Soviet Union national football team .
Association Football Club Fylde ( abbreviated to AFC Fylde ) has 3180 members , are based at Brynng Lane and played the 2014 - 15 season in the Football Conference .
The dish " Bacon Explosion " is from the Kansas City metropolitan area . Its main ingredients are sausage and bacon .
Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader in Greece .
Aleksandra Kovač , the solo singer , became active in 1990 and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol . His musical genre is soul music and he is in the same band as Kornelije Kovač .
The Luxury Class , Acura TLX , assembled in Marysville , Ohio , has a Honda K engine and is front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
The Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars .
Lahore is located in Pakistan .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18 , 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 . Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy which is higher than the dept of commerce gold medal . He died in California .
The Ariane 5 which was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space was launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
The Acura TLX is a mid - size car with a V6 engine and front - wheel and all - wheel drive . It is assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
Trance music artist Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Bobina .
The Visvesvaraya Technological university in Belgaum , is affiliated with the Acharya Institute of Technology , which has 700 postgraduate students .
Casey Ribicoff , born in Chicago , was married to Abraham A Ribicoff , who was Governor of Connecticut .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock , in which Christian alternative rock is a sub genre . Nu metal is a also an alternative rock fusion .
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor building which construction started in 1700 and completed in 1862 .
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit .
There are 1142 . 3 people per square kilometers in Albuquerque , N . M .
The band NRBQ includes the member Al Anderson and they play rock music . Bhangra is a musical fusion of rock .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , whose largest city is Burlington .
Bakso contains noodles and comes from Indonesia .
Liberal Democrats are leaders of Birmingham .
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom where the currency is Pound sterling and the demonym for natives of the United kingdom is British people .
Barny cakes , which were created by Mondelez International , are found in France . The organization was founded in Chicago . François Hollande is the leader of France where the people speak French .
The Acura TLX with a 2 . 4 l engine is produced by Honda .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . Steve Bright created the series which starred Bill Oddie .
Adare is part of Munster .
Ranil Wickremsinghe is the leader of Tamil speaking Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located .
1097 Vicia is a celestial body with a mass of 9 . 8kg and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
At 524 metres above sea level , Abilene ( Texas ) , has a total area of 286 . 5 sq km , a population density of 429 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre , and the area code , 325 .
Aaron Deer is a performer of the music genre Indie rock and he played the Keyboard instrument .
Barney cakes were founded by Chicago ' s Mondelez International in France ( led by Manuel Valls and Francois Hollande ) .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff and 600 students . The dean of the academy is Mario Botta .
Alison O ' Donnell was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and he is also an artist for the band Mellow Candle .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and pursued a career as a test pilot .
Binignit is a dessert from the region of Visayas , Philippines . Sago and banana are prominent ingredients .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for Sparta Prague and FC Kuban Krasnodar .
The Neptun Werft is located in Rostock .
Al Anderson , born in the U . S . started playing in 1966 for the NRBQ band . He also once played with The Wildweeds .
The Angola International Airport located in Icolo e Bengo is 159 meters above sea level .
Brooklyn is part of New York City , which is also the location of Asser Levy Public Baths . New York City is part of New York , United States .
With a total area of 75 . 324 square km , is Antioch . This city is part of Contra Costa County , in turn , part of the San Francisco Bay area , in California . The Spanish language is spoken in California .
Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) was a student at University of Texas at Austin , and was later chosen to serve as a test pilot . He passed away in St . Louis on the 28th of February , 1966 .
Batchoy , which originates from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , is eaten in the Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University of Alba Iulia , Romania has the nickname Uab and the rector is called Breaz Valer Daniel .
Massimo Drago plays for U . S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A . C . Cesena . He is also attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 .
Balder a comic character AKA Balder Odinson , was created by Jack Kirby and Stan Lee .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager . He is attached to Chesterfield football club and was at Drogheda United FC .
Albany , Oregon is in the United States and African Americans are one ethnic group in that country .
Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin by Giovanni Bertone and was the designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
The United States capital is Washington , D . C . , the largest city is New York City , and English is the language spoken . Abilene , Taylor County , Texas is also located in this country .
A . S . Roma play in Serie A , of which the current champions are Juventus F . C . Their home ground is in Rome and they have 70634 members .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb and Fulton County in Georgia , United States . Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County .
Montevideo , Uruguay is led by Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Tabare Vazquez , its currency is the peso . The final resting place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo .
Influenced by Robert A . Heinlein , Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s prequel Grantville Gazette II . He was born in Burbank California .
Appleton International Airport ( serving Appleton ) is located in Greenville , Wisconsin . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute and Ellington , Wisconsin .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Greene , Maine , he fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
1928 PC is the former name of 1097 Vicia , which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 .
Asam pedas is from Indonesia and Malaysia and is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula .
The United States uses the English language , includes the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Albany , Oregon .
Albany is part of Oregon in the United States . The US is home to an ethnic group called Asian Americans and its capital city is Washington DC .
Adam Koc was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta after his efforts in World War One .
Americans and Native Americans are people of the United States . Akron , Summit County , Ohio is located in the U . S .
Adam McQuaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kg , was born on Prince Edward Island in 1986 , .
Ab Klink , born in Stellendam , belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Angola is part of Pleasant Township , located in Steuben County , in Indiana . It has a population density of 524 . 5 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres . It is 324 . 0 metres above sea level .
Anaheim , California has a total area of 131 . 6 sq kms including a total water area of 25 . 2 sq kms .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician in the Lotus Eaters Band , and used to play with Twilight . He is from Massachusetts and started performing in 1995 .
Neptun Werft built the A - Rosa Luna .
The former name of 1097 Vicia is " 1928 PC " .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which has English as it ' s language and the ethnic group of Native Americans can be found . The leader of the US is titled the President and the current Chief Justice is John Roberts .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , the Lancia Thema and the Fiat Croma are similar means of transport . The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan .
The Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of the Audi .
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , which is led by Malatu Teshome .
Cleveland born Albert B White , who died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Bhajji originates from India .
The architecture style of 103 Colmore Row falls under Brutalist architecture .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons which are owned by , Arthur Blank . Akeem Dent used to play for Houston Texans , the home of which , is the city of Houston .
Baymax is a character created by Duncan Rouleau and Steve T . Seagle which first appeared in the film " Big Hero 6 " .
The authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English .
11264 Claudiomaccone , discovered by Nikolai Chenykh , has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , periapsis of 296521000 , and its epoch was on the 26th of November , 2005 .
The Kurdish languages are spoken in Iraq which is led by Fuad Masum . The city of Fallujah is in the country and served by the Al Taqaddum air base .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who played with the band Twilight . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Anders Osborne is associated with the band , Galactic , Tab Benoit , and with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Alpharetta , is in Georgia , in the United States .
Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire . It includes frangipane .
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico . The name of the leader in Jalisco is Jesus Casillas Romero . Another dessert is a cake .
Los Angeles Rams are based in LA .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , in the United States .
The completion date of Adare Manor is 1862 and was started in 1700 and designed by Augustus Pugin .
Am . J . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics , 1080 is the EISSN number .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas where the leader party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Aurakles is also known as ' ' Aurakles ' ' .
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and R . S . C . Anderlecht . He is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malayasia and resides in Sarawak . He represented Asajaya and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Adam McQuaid whose draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets plays for the Boston Bruins from Boston .
Akeem Priestley is in the Jackson Dolphins club and he plays for the Connecticut Huskies youth team as well as for Sheikh Russel KC .
Atlas II ( United States ) is manufactured by Lockheed Martin and has its launch site at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel .
One of the ethnic groups of Japan are the Brazilians and the country is led by Taro Aso . The Akita Museum of Art is located in the country at Akita , Akita Prefecture .
The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti and the club has 5300 members .
Benito Mussolini was a commander in World War II , the war Airey Neave was invloved in .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leader . It is written in English , also spoken in Great Britain . The US includes many Asian Americans .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music under the record label , Static Caravan Recordings .
The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke - taylor . It was first broadcast on 3 October 1983 by the BBC .
Bhajji ( aka Bhaji or bajji ) is from the Karnataka region . It includes gram flour and vegetables .
The location of Asser Levy Public Baths are New York City , New York State .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , Akron ( a summit county in Ohio ) - is home to the Akron Summit Assault ' s ground .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Blackpool F . C .
Alpena , Michigan , is served by the County Regional Airport . Located in the Wilson Township , the airport has an elevation 210 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1 , 533 .
Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . otherwise know as Buzz Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11 along with William Anders . Buzz Aldrin won 20 awards .
Philippine English is the language of the Philippines where Batchoy comes from .
The Atlas II was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
Luciano Spalletti manages AS Roma and also plays for Udinese Calcio and Virtus Entella .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He fought in the American Civil War where Abraham Lincoln was one of he commanders .
Adam Koc , who was born in Suwalki , was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War which was part of the Russian civil war where Leon Trotsky was a commander .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who deploy the General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter and fought battles in the Korean war .
The Rosids has Almond as part of the order and its also an ingredient of ajoblanco .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is in England honoring the British Arab ethnic group .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas in the United States . The capital city of the U . S . is Washington D . C . and English is its official language .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , U . S . The South Jersey Transportation Authority is the owner of the airport and it is run by Stephen Dilts .
Bionico is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico ; its ingredients contain the following : sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut .
Alan Frews is a rock musician from Canada where French is spoken . Bhangra music is a fusion of rock music .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who played football for SK Vorwärts Steyr and is attached to the club First Vienna FC .
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in the United States began in January 2014 . The building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport which is located at Paracuellos de Jarama has a runway name of 18L / 36R with a length of 4349 . 0 .
Akeem Adams has played for Ferencvarosi TC . and for United Petrotrin F . C . , whose ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he resided in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who plays for FC Spartak Moscow , played for FC Terek Grozny . Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which , is located in Grozny .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . It was published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
The AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti .
Spanish is spoken in Texas where Amarillo can be found in Potter County , U . S . The capital of the United States is Washington D . C .
The ALV X1 came from the US where African Americans are an ethnic group and the anthem is the Star Spangled Banner .
Alternative rock musician Andrew White is a member of The Kaiser Kings . Nu metal is derived from Alternative rock , which originates from New Wave music .
101 Helena has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 kilometres per second .
The novel " Into Battle " followed " Above the Veil " .
The Audi A1 is a hatchback and has a 1 . 2 litre engine .
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , and has the Marriott International Hotel ( founded in Washington , D . C . ) as its tenant . One of the languages used in Denmark is German , and the country ' s leader is Margrethe II of Denmark .
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Paisa Region , Colombian cuisine . The ingredients found in this dish is chicharron .
Akeem Priestley has played for the clubs FK Mughan and Sheikh Russel KC .
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico , and it contains condensed milk .
The building at 11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983 , 5 years after the street itself was build in 1978 . It is a 20 floor structure designed by Helmut Jahn .
Marriott International , founded in Washington , D . C . , is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark .
William Anders ( now retired ) was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . He was a test pilot , chosen by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member on Apollo 8 . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
109 Felicitas has 7 . 5 kg of mass , an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and its epoch date was on 31 December 2006 . Its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
20 Fenchurch Street , which has a floor count of 34 , was completed in April 2014 .
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreivated to Am . J . Math .
Delta II , from the United States , launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 and the Vandenberg Air Force Base . The Delta II is similar to the Antares .
The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Italy , and operated by AIDA Cruises . It was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
' A Wizard of Mars ' was published in the United States , the country where Barack Obama is the leader .
Juventus FC are previous champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play . AS Roma played in the 2014 season and have a ground in Rome .
The capitol of the United States is Washington D . C . One of the ethnic groups are African Americans and it is also home to the bacon explosion .
Albert Jennings Fountain ' s date of death was 1896 - 02 - 01 .
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader of the Italians and the capital city is Rome .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain where one of its traditional dishes is arros negre . Arros negre is from the Catalonia region where Carles Puigdemont is the leader .
Gruppo Bertone designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe and was founded in Italy . Abarth , founded by Carlo Abarth , made that Coupe .
Ariane 5 is manufactured by the European Space Agency and has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres . It was launched from the ELA - 3 launchpad , making its maiden flight on 9 March 2008 and the final flight on 18 December 2009 .
3Arena , designed by HOK SVE , was completed in December 2008 .
Acharya Institute of Technology in India has 10000 Undergraduate students .
The United States uses the English language and includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups . The country has the capital of Washington DC and is also the location of Albany , part of Benton County in Oregon .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is 911 metres above sea level . The runway name is 15 / 33 and it has a length of 1800 . 0 .
Born in Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago , Akeem Adams has played for T & TEC Sports Club and Central FC .
Abilene , Texas is located in Taylor County , Texas , United States , where Washington , D . C . is the capital . English is the language spoken in the United States and the biggest city is New York City .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled in Italy , is a related mode of transport to the Saab 9000 and Lancia Thema .
" Universias Aarhusiensis " is the latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University which is affiliated to the European University Association . The School was established in 1928 .
Al - Taqaddum Air base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Haider al - Abadi is the prime minister of the country and the president is called Fuad Masum ( a kurdish politician ) . Kurdish is one of the spoken languages of Iraq .
With a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , Anaheim ( California ) , has a UTC offset of - 7 and the area codes : 657 , 714 .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 and was discovered by Iwan P Williams .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States . In this country and Great Britain English is the language spoken .
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte where the currency is the Euro . Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands and a member of the Socialist Party .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and its runway is 600 long .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has a staff compliment of 737 and was established in 1928 . It is affilaited with the European University Association , located in Brussels .
The record label of Anders Osborne is Okeh records .
The U . S . Army fought in the American Civil War .
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport .
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row , comes from Birmingham , which is run by the Liberal Democrats .
The asteroid 10 Hygiea which has an epoch date of the 27th June 2015 takes 5 . 57 days to orbit and has a periapsis measurement of 416136000000 . 0 .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Bacon Explosion originated .
Edwin E . Aldrin Jr , also known as Buzz Aldrin , was born on Jan 20 , 1938 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with an Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11 . He is now retired .
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
Greenville is part of the town of Menasha in Wisconsin .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is found in Japan .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is leader and is part of Awadh . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III as one of its transport planes .
The Alfa Romeo 163 and the Fiat Croma are both cars . The former was built in Milan whose saint is Ambrose .
Andrew Rayel plays guitar and house music . He is associated with Armin van Buren and many other artists such as Christian Burns .
Auburn is part of King County , Washington in the U . S . Auburn ( Washington ) has a total area of 77 . 4 square kilometres .
Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico , where one of the languages spoken is Mexican Spanish and the dish bionico can be found . Bionico is a dessert dish that can be varied by adding cottage cheese .
Big Hero 6 is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and has Baymax as a character and stars Maya Rudolph .
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg ) is 32024459 .
The Antares rocket had its final flight on July 13th 2014 .
Carles Puigdemont is a leader in Catalonia in Spain . An ethnic group there are Spaniards . Arròs negre is also from that country .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , in the country of Uruguay . The politician , Daniel Martinez , is Montevideo ' s leader .
Adisham Hall was begun to be built in 1927 .
Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and is owned by the P & O company . It powered by an engine made by Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes , who are located in London .
Halton Arp was the doctoral student of Walter Baade who discovered 1036 Ganymed .
One of the places in World War II was named South East Asian theatre of World War II .
A Severed Wasp was written in the English language and originates from the United States where African American is one of the ethnic groups .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
The MTU Friedrichshafen is owned by Rolls - Royce Holdings .
English is spoken in both Great Britain and the United States . Additionally , A severed Wasp is from the United States .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was made by Abarth and designed by Gruppo Bertone . Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin .
Singer Alan Frew , born in the U . K . is from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada .
Italy is inhabited by Italians .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It is categorised as a contributing property and it was established in 2000 . Carroll County , Maryland is southeast of Adams County .
The architect of 300 North LaSalle was Pickard Chilton .
Anderson is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , in the state of Indiana . The state is located in the United States and has the capital city of Indianapolis .
Amarillo , Texas is in the U . S . and one ethnic group in that country is Native Americans .
Synthpop has its origins in disco , house and pop music and is the style of artist Alex Dy .
Aleksandre Guruli , who plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club , formerly played for Olympique Lyonnais whose home games are played at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Alexandria , Madison County , Indiana is in the U . S . The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and Anderson is the county seat in Madison County .
Fried egg is one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa .
Arròs negre is from Spain , whose ethic group consists of Spaniards and whose leader is Felipe VI .
Aaron Bertram is a member of Kids Imagine Nation and Ska band , Suburban Legends .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya and is part of the Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama , in Spain . ENAIRE , in the city of Madrid , is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport .
Dead Man ' s Plack is a stone monument in England that is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . The state religion of England is the Church of England . English ethnic group include British Arabs . In England ' s Cornwall region , the Cornish language is spoken .
Jens Hartel is a member of the ! FC Magdeburgs .
The US state of Washington is home to the largest city of Seattle and also to Auburn , which is part of Pierce County . Washington DC is the capital of the United States .
Indonesia is home to the Asam Pedas which are from the Malay Peninsula region .
The Atlas II is from the United States where Americans live and the leader is called the President . Native Americans are one ethnic group there .
Asilomar Conference Grounds in Pacific Grove , CA is part of the state of California .
Abner , born on 30 May 1996 , plays football for the CD FAS club and also Real Madrid Castilla .
Alan Bean ' s birth name is Alan LaVern Bean .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar ) has the LCCN number 83646315 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka in the country India . It ' s director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University which is in the city of Belgaum . The exact location of the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . " .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey as a United States national where Joe Biden is the leader .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay .
The people of Texas speak the English language and are called Texans . Their capital is Austin . Andrews County Airport is located in Texas .
William M . O . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland in the U . S . His successor was Albert B . White who passed away in Parkersburg , West Virginia in the U . S .
In 1963 William Anders was selected by NASA to be a member of the Apollo 8 crew , alongside Frank Borman amongst others . He had previously trained as a fighter pilot , and was partnered on the mission by backup pilot Buzz Aldrin .
James Craig , a Canadian national , discovered the celestial body , 103 Hera . He died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Abel Caballero , born in Ponteareas ( Spain ) , is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs .
ENAIRE in the city of Madrid is the operator of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes , part of the Community of Madrid in Spain .
Buzz Aldrin was a United States national born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , in the Essex County .
Lemper is a variation of Arem arem .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone which was founded by Giovanni Bertone , in Turin , Italy .
An ingredient of a bacon explosion is sausage .
Yuzhnoye Design Office made the Antares rocket which is 3 . 9 m in diameter and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . April 21 , 2013 was its first flight and Oct . 28 , 2014 was its last flight .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz player signed to Fruits de Mer records and formerly to Deram Records in London . Funk is a derivative of jazz .
The Bacon Explosion has its origins in the United States , home to African Americans . The U . S . has leader John Roberts with its capital in Washington D . C .
A Glastonbury Romance , which is available in hardcover , has the OCLC number 76798317 and the Library of Congress Classification of PR6031O867 .
Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , New York in the United States and it is served by Adirondack Regional Airport . This airport also serves the city of Lake Placid , New York .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Habbaniyah . It is 84 meters above sea level and its length is 3684 m .
The periapsis of 107 Camilla is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who is in the Carrarese Calcio club .
The Queen of Denmark is Margrethe II .
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax , they have 53502 members and played in season 2014 .
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey . The Turkish leader is known as the President of Turkey , the currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix . It has an ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 and a OCLC number of 46451790 .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam , Netherlands where euro is the currency and the leader is Mark Rutte .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B . C .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , U . K . His alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge and he was a member of the Conservative Party in that country .
Addis Ababa City Hall , with a 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) floor area , was completed in 1964 .
With an epoch date of 27 August 2011 , 103 Hera , has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
American Psychedelia singer Aaron Deer , from Indiana , is a member of Wee Giant .
The footballer Abner plays for the Brazilian national under 17 football team .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is operated by ENAIRE ( Madrid ) is in San Sebastián de los Reyes , in Spain .
The alternative name for asam pedas is asam padeh .
Operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , Atlantic City International Airport ' s runway name is 13 / 31 . It has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is 23 metres above sea level .
The Binignit is a dish from Visayas and it can be found in the Philippines . It contains sago and a main ingredient is banana .
Abradab was born in Katowice , Poland , November 12 , 1978 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , community of Madrid , Spain . The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and he died in Alexandria , Virginia . He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Arem - arem is a dish predominately from Java , but available nationwide in Indonesia . Indonesian is the language spoken in this country and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon , in the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Th United States Ambassador to Norway , William Anders , served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , authored by J . V . Jones , has a ISBN number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
Administrative Science Quarterly , or Admin . Sci . Q is under Management and has a LLCN number of 57059226 .
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom , the country of which London is the capital and of which Elizabeth II is a leader . Boris Johnson is the leader of London , though the city is lead via the European Parliament .
The American Locomotive Company is located in the United States .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Mexican Spanish is spoken .
Auburn is located in King County , Washington , United States .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , in London . The leader of London is the European Parliament .
Agnes Kant , a Member of the House of Representatives , is a national of the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte .
746 people per square kilometre inhabit Amarillo , Texas , which has a area of 233 . 9 square kilometers .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 menbers and was a part of the 2014 – 15 Lega Pro season .
Alan Bean is an American born in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated with a BS from UT Austin in 1955 and became a test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as crew on Apollo 12 . He retired in June 1981 .
Avocado , which belongs to the Lauraceae family , is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa . The Antioquia Department , found in Colombia , is the region where Bandeja paisa comes from .
Elliot See , who was born on July 23 , 1927 , graduated from the University of Texas at Austin .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli , India its address is Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It has 700 postgraduate students .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , located in the Jinnah International Airport , governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport . This airport serves the city of Lahore , in Pakistan , the leader of which is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield .
Manchester born , Alfred Garth Jones , died in London which is led by Boris Johnson .
Arros negre contains white rice and comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain .
Austin is part of Williamson County , in Texas , where Round Rock is the largest city .
Adare Manor was designed by architects James Pain and George Richard Pain and was completed in 1862 and is located in Adare , County Limerick .
The 1955 Dodge was preceded by DeSoto Firedome and is relative to the DeSoto Custom and Plymouth Plaza ( manufacturer : Plymouth ) .
Aleksandra Kovač ' , whose genre is soul music , is in same band with Kornelije Kovač and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol .
Alfred N . Phillips , born in Connecticut , worked as Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT . One of the ingredients is bread and the sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 . It currently has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students .
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec .
The AIDAstella is owned in Costa Crociere . the AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres long . and is based in Italy .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the main language is English , originated in Great Britain . The capital of the US is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are the original ethnic group of that land .
Canada , which is led by Elizabeth II and has the national anthem known as " O Canada " , is the birth place of Aaron Boogaard .
Acura is a divsion of Honda which makes the Acura TLX which is related to the Honda Accord .
Located in Texas , at 973 973 metres above sea level , is Andrews County Airport . It serves Andrews , Texas , has a runway length of 8 . o and a runway named 11 / 29 .
Both cookies and binignit are desserts . The latter dish has sweet potatoes as the main ingredient .
English is spoken in the United States and Great Britain . A Severed Wasp originates from the US where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción in Paraguay on 5 May 1913 . He had a background as a solo singer and plays the Guarania style of music .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is also known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " and is considered a mid - size luxury executive car . It has a 6 - speed manual Getrag transmission and a straight - four engine .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where one of the languages spoken is Philippine Spanish .
The alma mater of Alfred Moore Scales , who was succeeded by James Madison Leach , was the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The leader of the United States is Barack Obama .
Scotland born Alan Frew is a solo singer .
The Lancia Thema , the Saab 9000 and the Italy built Alfa Romeo 164 are all related .
The ISSN number of Addiction journal is 1360 - 0443 .
Albany is a city in Oregon , the capital of which is Salem . Albany , Oregon is located within the United States , where the inhabitants are called Americans , and where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Barack Obama is the president of the US , where A Wizard of Mars originates from and is published in English and there ' s an ethnic group called African Americans .
Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan .
Deram Records deal with the pop music genre .
Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and comes from Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire . It is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
Published by Viking Press in Ireland , the novel A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture . The main ethnic group of Ireland is white and the capital is Dublin .
William Anders ' title is the US Ambassador to Norway .
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern .
Akeem Ayers debuted with Nashville based , Tennessee Titans and played with the Los Angeles Rams , who are coached by Jeff Fisher and plays in Los Angeles .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia in the United States . The US is home to an ethnic group called African Americans .
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . The Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province where the leader is Austin Fernando .
108 St Georges Terrance cost 120m Australian dollars .
The manager of U . S . Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini .
Atlantic City is in new Jersey , in the United States .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais , which is part of the state of Paraná . The airport serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero .
Aaron Deer is a keyboardist who performs Indie rock music . Indie rock has its roots in garage rock music and new wave music .
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 with commander David Scott . He was a test pilot .
The leader of Japan is Akihito .
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
A Glastonbury Romance was preceded By Wolf Solent .
Completed in 1929 , 320 South Boston Building has 22 floors .
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders in South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located .
Bacon sandwich is a variation of BLT .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in and was a national of the United States . He married Casey Ribicoff and died in New York . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . S .
16 / 34 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport which is is 973 metres above sea level . It also has runway length of 1773 . 0 and is served by Andrews which is in Texas .
Agra Airport , in Uttar Pradesh , is operated by the Indian Air Force and lies 167 . 94 metres above sea level . The runway has a length of 1818 . 0 and the airport ' s ICAO locationa identifier is VIAG .
Alan Martin plays football with the Clyde FC but previously played for Accrington Stanley FC based at their ground in Accrington .
10 Hygiea was discovered by Annibale de Gasparis . It has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 . Its epoch date is June 27th 2015 .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita , is part of the Akita Prefecture and the ethnic group is Vietnamese people .
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . The name of the runway is 03L / 21R and has a length of 518 . 0 .
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and his club is FC Admira Wacker Modling .
The AIDAluna , christened 2009 - 04 - 04 , is 252 metres long , and its service was started on the 22nd of March , 2009 .
Pop musician , Aleksandra Kovac , who is musically involved with Kristina Kovac , is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol . Disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music and therefore can be considered a fusion genre .
A . C . Chievo Verona has 39371 members .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co . who manufacture the Acura TLX which is fitted with a Honda J engine .
The icebreaker , the Aleksey Chirikov , was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard , in Finland . The leader of this country is , Juha Sipila . The demonym of Finland is Finns .
Albennie Jones began his musical career in 1930 .
The A Rosa Luna is 125 . 8m long and has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes . It was built by Neptun Werft in Warnemunde .
One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon .
The comic book character Airman , AKA Drake Stephens , was created by Harry Sahle .
The main airport in Texas , USA , is Andrews County . English is the primary language here .
Peter Stöger is manager of 1 . FC Köln and is affiliated with SC Wiener Neustadt . He is currently at the FK Austria Wien club .
The 1955 Dodge has a wheelbase of 120 . 0 inches .
Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes , it is a dish of the Phillippines .
The A - Rosa Luna is classed as a cruise ship . It weighs 1850 tonnes and is 125 . 8 metres long .
Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas , where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin . The citizens of Texas , United States , are called Texans .
With a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres , Anderson ( part of Adams Township , Madison County . Indiana , in the U . S . ) , has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey in the United States and is 23 metres above sea level .
President and leader of Turkey , where the currency is the Turkish lira is Ahmet Davutoglu . The capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul although it is in Izmir that the Ataturk Monument is located .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton and is attached to Irlam Town Football Club .
Disco can be considered a fusion genre as it contain elements of other genres such as pop music . Pop music is the musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac , who is associated with both musical artist Bebi Dol and musician Kristina Kovač .
Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed and died in West Germany . He studied at The university of Gottingen and Allan Sandage was one of his doctoral students .
Abilene is part of Taylor County in Texas , in the United States .
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen ; which is located in Copenhagen and has 23 floors .
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and is associated with the group Greymachine . He played with the band Twilight and his musical genre is Post - metal .
Alison O ' Donnell is a Psychedelic folk musician .
Footballer , Abner ' s club is the Brazil national under - 17 football team .
Seat of the local government , Addis Ababa City Hall ( built 1961 - 1964 ) is 42 metres tall and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
Richland Township , in Madison County , Indiana is in the United States .
Soho Press ( located in the United States ) published A Loyal Character Dancer . Native Americans are an ethnic group of the English speaking United States .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County ( part of the San Francisco Bay Area ) in California and has a total area of 75 . 324 sq km . The language spoken in California is English .
Andrew Rayel is a string instrument player who is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine , John Digweed , and Christian Burns , an exponent of House music .
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad at the Guiana Space Centre .
Beef kway teow , found in Singapore and Indonesia , includes oyster sauce .
Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong , China . The main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) .
In Texas , people are called Texans and the capital of Texas is Austin . Andrews Count Airport is located in Texas .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km , an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
The Penarol football team play in the Uruguayan Primera Division and Abel Hernandez was a member of their youth team . His club is currently Hull City AFC and he also plays for US Citta di Palermo under the manager , Giuseppe Iachini .
1634 : The Ram Rebelllion , written by Virginia DeMarce , has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and is available as an E book .
Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong .
" Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has the OCLC number 7877110 .
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and comes from Indonesia and Malaysia .
The United States Air Force , who operate Al Asad airbase , fought in the Korean war , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette II .
Allan Shivers , who wsa born in Lufkin , Texas , was Lieutenant Governor of Texas .
Jazz musician , Alison O ' Donnell , is signed to the record labels Static Caravan Recordings and Floating World Records .
The British Arabs are an English ethnic group .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , United States .
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . They operate Ashgabat International airport which has a runway length of 900 . 0 .
Sandesh and Bionico are desserts where Bionico has Granola as an ingredient .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska .
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District , in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
Led by the California state Assembly , Anaheim , is a city in Orange County , which is part of the greater Los Angeles area , California , in the United States .
William Anders was born in British Honk . He is a retired fighter pilot , who was selected by NASA in 1963 to become a member of the Apollo 8 crew .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States which has the capital city of Austin and uses the English language .
Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005 and he also fought in the Gulf War with the Grenadier Guards . A commander during that war was George H . W . Bush .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States . The English language is spoken in both the U . S . and Great Britain . An ethnic group called Native Americans and a book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians come from the U . S .
Iwan P Williams discovered 15788 1993 SB , it has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 , a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 . and an apoapsis of 7715100000 . 0 Km .
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones began in 1930 . R & B originates from blues and gives itself to disco .
Vietnamese people in Japan are an ethnic group from Japan .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan .
The ground of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has a capacity of 1500 . The team played in the 2014 season and their full name is " A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis " .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , he played for Carrarese Calcio .
Americans inhabit the U . S . where the Atlas II originates . The leader of the U . S . is the President , its capital is Washington , D . C . , and Native Americans are one ethnic group in that country .
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil which was produced in print .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and is attached to the club Genoa CFC .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in the country of Denmark and currently has Thomas Pallesen as dean . The school has strong affiliations with the European University Association which is based in Brussels .
Richard A . Teague works for Chrysler .
Dan Quinn , an American football coach , coaches the Atlanta Falcons .
The comic book character Dane Whitman , alter ego Black Knight , was created by Roy Thomas .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , the leader of this country is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is African American . They speak English , same as in Great Britain .
Jens Härtel , is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin and has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
Adonis Georgiadis served in office under Prime Minister Antonis Samaras and his deputy Evangelos Venizelos . Samaras himself had been in office whilst Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England in 1872 and died in London in a place called Sidcup .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama which is in the United States .
Located in Adare in County Limerick , Adare Manor was completed in 1862 and designed by architect Philip Charles Hardwick .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army , the same army , that battled in the American Revolutionary War .
The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly . The Turk Sehitleri Aniti , usually known as the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in the country , where the capital city is Baku . It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
Paul Ryan is a leader of the United States where the capital city is Washington DC . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country .
California , United States , where Anaheim is part of , is led by Tom Tait and the United States House of Representatives . The Chinese language is spoken in this state .
Arlington is located in Tarrant County , Texas where the largest city is Fort Worth .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , United States . The capital city of the country is Washington D . C .
India , led by Sumitra Mahajan and inhabited by the Indian people , is the home to Bhajji .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama , which has an escape velocity of . 0068 kilometres per seconds , is November 26th , 2005 . Its orbital period is 1 , 202 . 846 days , it has a periapsis of 288 , 749 , 000 , 000 kilometres and an apoapsis of 373 , 513 , 000 kilometres .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was established in the year 2000 is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . Adams County has Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast and to its north , Cumberland County , Pennsylvania .
Alfred N . Phillips was a member of the United States Democratic Party .
Al Taqaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County , California and Orange County California is part of the greater Los Angeles area and Anaheim , California is led by the California State Assembly .
Adonis Georgiadis worked as Minister for Health .
The AIDAstella service began on March 17th 2013 .
1101 Clemantis has a periapsis of 445895000000 . It has the former name of 1928 SJ and an epoch date of 31 . 12 . 2006 .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , he played for FC Lokomotive Leipzig , for SV Germania Schoneiche , and has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig .
The Abarth 1000 GT 2 door Coupe is 1 . 55 m wide and has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres . It ' s engine is a straight - four type .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 , in Manchester , England and died in Sidcup , London .
A Long Long Way has 292 pages in it .
Alex Day was born in the London borough of Havering in the U . K .
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC , which is based in London .
Auburn is in King County Washington where Seattle is the largest city and is part of the United states where Washington D . C . is the capital .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America which is the location of Attica , Indiana .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel began his career in 2009 and is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns .
With a runway length of 1 , 121 , Abilene regional airport serves Abilene ( part of both Taylor County and Jones County ) , Texas in the United States .
The language of Italy is Italian .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . The capital of the country is Copenhagen .
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC .
A . C . Milan player , Alessio Romagnoli was in the Italy national under 16 ' s football team which is coached by , Daniele Zoratto .
Born on 22nd September 1856 in Cleveland , Albert B White ' s career began on March 4th 1901 and ended on March 4th 1905 . His successor was William M O Dawson .
Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona and plays at the Vicenza Calcio .
The Alhambra ship beam is 8 . 3m and it is 63800 . 0 millimetres long . It was launched on 31st May 1855 . and had a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h .
The Delta II took off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 .
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and Black Metal of which Death Metal is a musical fusion . He has performed with Sumac and Mamiffer .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud , and was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
The AMC Matador , which is also known as American Motors Matador , was assembled in Kenosha , Wisconsin . It is a mid - size car with an AMC straight 6 engine .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The national anthem of Switzerland is called the Swiss Psalm , and the country is led by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland Johann Schneider - Ammann . Established in 1996 and supporting 600 students , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio Mendrisio is located in Switzerland .
The footballer Alaa Abdul Zahra is a forward .
The stylistic origin of electropop is disco .
The rotation period of 10 Hygiea is 198803 . 0 .
The United States has the capital city of Washington and includes the ethnic group of African Americans among its population . The country is the location of Akron in Summit County , Ohio .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base which serves the city of Fallujah has a runway length of 4019 . 0 and is located at 84 metres above sea level .
Written in English , A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , where English is spoken , as in Great Britain . The previous leader of the US was Barack Obama and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there .
Andrew Rayel began his musical career in 2009 and has performed the genre of Trance music . He is associated with Bobina and the musician Jwaydan Moyine .
Alvah Sabin sucessor was Homer Elihu Royce .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U . S . Route 83 and was built in 1911 . It has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , New York , it has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad .
Stellendam born Ab Klink , who worked at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in Netherlands , studied at Erasmus University in Rotterdam , which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
A Loyal Character Dancer written by Qiu Xiaolong can be found in hardcover .
Anders Osborne plays rock and roll music for Shanachie Records .
Al Anderson , from the U . S . , played with the NRBQ and The Wildweeds bands .
Anaheim is part of California and led by the California State Assembly .
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends .
Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Punjab , Pakistan has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . .
Scotland is the birth place of Alan Frew , a solo singer .
Aleksandre Guruli , who is 178 cm tall , formerly played for FC Karpaty Lviv and currently for AZAL PFK .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 . He graduated from NWC , MA in 1957 and retired on 1 August 1974 .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States and The Star Spangled Banner is the anthem .
Americans live in the United States and white Americans are an ethnic group found within the United States . The ALV X - 1 originated in the United States where the capital city is Washington , D . C .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine .
1099 Figneria ' s epoch date is December 31 , 2006 . Its orbital period is 179942000 . 0 and has a periapsis measurement of 349206000000 . 0 .
Vladimir Putin is the leader of Russia .
101 Helena , with an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres , was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . It was established in 2000 .
Amharic is a language found in Ethiopia .
Located at Ícolo e Bengo , Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 800 metres .
1097 Vicia , with the epoch date 13th January 2016 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 kmps , has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 .
107 Camilla was discovered by C . Woods . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres , an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch of 31st December 2006 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City . He died in New Mexico Territory , United states .
Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander during World War II in which Abner W Sibal served and fought in the US Army , .
Hamburger SV is a member of the Bundesliga .
Abel Caballero worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia in the United States . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans and English is the language spoken in that country .
Amarillo is located in Texas in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Alhambra , built by the Samuda Brothers , has a , London located , Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas , U . S . Fort Worth is the county seat of Tarrant County . The biggest city in Texas is Houston .
Allen Forrest was originally a solo singer and he performs acoustic music .
1000 Piazzia , with a mass of 1 . 1kg , has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 .
The authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
The capital of the United States is Washington D . C . where White Americans are an ethnic group and the Bacon Explosion was invented .
Boris Johnson is the leader of London , which is led by the European Parliament . Rafael Vinoly designed 20 Fenchurch Street , which is located in London .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , Cape Town and white South Africans are called " Coloured " people .
Brown sauce is an ingredient of a Bacon Sandwich , a dish from the United Kingdom . Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , where the leader isT S Thakur and the demonym for people living there is Indian .
Christian Panucci plays for the Italy national football team .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany . She was a Member of the House of Representatives and her Alma mater was Radboud University in Nijmegen .
Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina and served as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy , worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s background includes solo singing and his musical genre is Candombe .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark has 16 , 000 students .
English is the language of the United States , where the occupants are known as Americans . In the United States , Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and Angola is located . Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , in Indiana .
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena , completed December 2008 and located at North Wall , Dublin .
The DBS , the RHAM / 1 and the V8 are all cars made by Aston Martin . The V8 , a coupe with an engine size of 5 . 3 litres , was assembled in the UK .
Akeem Adams ' former clubs include Ferencvarosi TC and United Petrotrin FC .
The celestial body , 103 Hera , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 k . p . s and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km .
Agra airport is operated by the Indian air force and is located in Uttar Pradesh . The IATA ID for the airport is AGR and the location identifier is VIAG .
Anderson , part of both Union Township and Anderson Township , is in Madison County , Indiana , in the United States . Anderson is led by the Democratic Party of the U . S . , the headquarters of which , are at South Capitol Street .
Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr . was the successor of Allan Shivers , who , was born in Lufkin , Texas . Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U . S and was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur .
Located in Dublin , a part of Leinster , is the 3Arena .
Agra Airport , located in India with an identifier of VIAG , is operated by the Airports Authority of India .
The currency of Uruguay is the Uruguayan peso .
Rock performer Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and once played with The Wildweeds . He became active in 1966 .
The ALV X - 1 has 2 rocket stages and a diameter is 1 . 524 metres . The launch site of ALV X - 1 was Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the United States .
The elevation above sea level for Atlantic City International Airport is 75ft .
66391 199 KW4 has an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) and a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre .
Allama Iqbal International airport serves Lahore city and is located in Pakistan . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The runway name is 18R / 36L and it is 2900 m long .
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda brother and is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
The Avis Car and Engineering Co . , succeeded by The Rover Co . , manufacture the Alvis Speed 25 .
The language spoken in Greece is Greek .
The people of the United States are called Americans .
Austrian People ' s Party Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Tyrol and died in Graz , Styria .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club , who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais . He now plays for US Boulogne .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , built in 1911 . is located in Asherton , Texas .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , a dish found in Indonesia and Singapore .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan which is where the City of Lahore is . this city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport .
Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam where AFC Ajax is based .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago part of DuPage County in Illinois .
Verona , Italy is the home to A . C . Chievo Verona , played in Serie A .
Ahmet Ertigun , from the United States , plays rhythm and blues . A derivative of this genre is disco .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body . Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province , and the leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Carles Puigdemont is a leader in Catalonia .
Singer , Aaron Deer , is a performer of the music genre Indie rock . The guitar is played in indie rock music which has its stylistic origins in both Garage rock and new wave music .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for both Chesterfield FC and Bury FC .
The main ingredients of Batchoy , a dish from the Philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Abradab originated in Katowice .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York .
Buzz Aldrin was born January 20th , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Now retired , he served as a member of the Apollo 11 crew , which was operated by NASA .
Tim Brooke Taylor was born in England .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in battles in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Originating from house music , Trance , is the musical genre of Andrew Rayel , who is associated with musicians , Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina .
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia is on 31 July 2016 . It was formerly called A911 MD and has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days .
Ajoblanco , which includes olive oil is a dish from Andalusia ( Spain ) where the leader is Susana Diaz . Spain ' s leader is Felipe VI .
German is one of the languages spoken in Denmark which is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen . The current tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who preceded Al - Amin Daggash , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Akhigbe himself was succeeded by Oladipo Diya .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a LCCN number of 60040714 and the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol . Pol . It comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology .
Akeem Adams club was Ferencvarosi TC and he was a member of United Petrotrin FC club whose ground is at Palo Seco Velodrome . He died in Budapest , Hungary .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin FC whose ground is Palo Seco .
The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten and one of the languages is Arabic .
The runway length of Al - Taqaddum air base is 4019 . 0 .
William Anders title is the United States Ambassador to Norway .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is led by a Mayor and its area code is 734 . The town ' s total area is 74 . 33 square kilometres and it has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants / sq km .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred in Bananaman , which was broadcasted by STV .
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with an ScD and was selected that year by NASA . He served as a fighter pilot and as crew member on Apollo 11 .
John van den Brom manages for the AZ Alkmaar , plays for AFC Ajax and is in the Jong Ajax Club .
Having fought in World War I , Adam Koc , has been awarded the Cross of Valour for Poland and the Virtuti Militari .
President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States . The country is inhabited by Americans including many Asian Americans , and is where the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
The AIDAluna is powered by the Caterpillar Inc . engine and has a length of 252000 mm . AIDAluna service was started on the 22nd of March , 2009 .
Al Anderson is a singer in the rock band NRBQ and a former member of The Wildweeds . Rock music originated from blues and Bhangra is fusion partly from Rock .
Walter Baade , who graduated from University of Gottingen , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He had Halton Arp and Allan Sandage as doctoral students at the university . Mr . Baade died in West Germany .
The Antares rocket compares with the US Delta II which was manufactured by the United Launch Alliance .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB , which was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons , has the epoch date of 6th March 2006 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 .
Preceded by The Grantville Gazettes , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ( by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint ) is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III .
Ahmet Ertegun , who has the alternative name A . Nugetre , performs in the music genre , Rhythm and Blues . Rhythm and blues music originated from the blues and disco is a derives from R & B .
Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005 .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the U . S . whose capital is Washington , D . C . Newark is the largest city in New Jersey .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Brasilia . The Airport is elevated 911 meters above sea level and the runway length is 2215 . 0 . The Afonso Pena International Airport is also known as Infraero .
Binignit , a dish found in the Phillipines , contains sago as one of its main ingredients .
Alessio Romagnoli , who plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria , played in the Italy national under 16 ' s football team which was coached by , Daniele Zoratto .
Stuart Parker , who used to play at Drogheda United FC and now plays for KV Mechelen , is the manager of A . F . C . Blackpool .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for both FC Rubin Kazan and FC Terek Grozny . The latter is managed by Rashid Rakhimov and the club ' s ground is based at Grozny .
Alaa Abdul Zahra belongs to AL Kharaitiyat SC , which is managed by Amar Osim , has its ground in Qatar Stars League and its grounds at Al Khor . Zahra has played for Al - Zawra ' a SC .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
The comic book character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman and Karl Kesel who is an American .
Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Barny cakes can be found in France and are made with sponge cake .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , but died in California , was hired by NASA in 1959 .
The operator of Apollo 12 was NASA .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Albuquerque , New Mexico is located and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Anderson is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Alphonse Borrelly was the discoverer of 110 Lydia .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , home to a substantial population of Asian origin and led by the President ( and vice president Joe Biden ) .
Alan Shepard is an American who graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 . He was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal . He was born in New Hampshire and died in California on 1998 - 07 - 21 .
The AMC Matador , assembled in Mexico City , is a mid - sized car with a station wagon body . It has an AMC straight - 6 engine and is also known as the Rambler Matador .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Batagor , made with peanut sauce , is a variation of the Siomay and similar Shumai dishes .
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson , who studied at the University of Michigan , and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD ( discovered by Spacewatch ) ; has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 , a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 , and an epoch date of June 27th 2015 .
The chili pepper serves as an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce , a traditional dish from Rome .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia , in the United States . And , Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County , Georgia .
Walter Baade was born in Preubisch Oldendorf .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region in Margrethe II led Denmark .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . The airport serves Alpena , Michigan and is situated 210 meters above sea level and has a 1 . 533 kilometer long runway .
Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg . Their LCCN number is 32024459 , and CODEN code is AMHAAJ .
Alex Day is a solo singer , who performs Synthpop music , a form of pop music . This musical genre is a derivative of both house music and disco music .
The CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems is ATISET .
The starring of Big Hero 6 ( film ) is Maya Rudolph .
Production of the two door coupe Abarth 1000 GT Coupe began in 1958 .
Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are key country leaders .
The celestial body known as 110 Lydia was discovered by Alphonse Borrelly .
Alpharetta , Georgia is in the United States , where the English language is used .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is said to come from either France , United States or China .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States , where you will find Albany , Oregon and where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
Anaheim , California is led by Tom Tait and the California State Assembly in the California State Capitol . Chinese is spoken there .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo funk singer who became active in 1990 , and has been associated with Kornelije Kovac and Kristina Kovač .
The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish and batchoy is eaten there . Ethnic groups include the llocano people and the Moro people .
Antioch , Contra Costa County is part of the San Francisco Bay Area California and it is led by the Mayor . Spanish is also spoken in the state .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake in Harrietstown , New York .
Auburn in Lee County , Alabama is part of the U . S . which is home to African Americans .
The name of the championship football team in the Azerbaijan Premier League Os the Qarabag FK .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India has 10000 undergraduate students .
The A - Rosa Luna ; was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde , weighs 1850 tonnes and is 125 . 8 metres long .
Akeem Priestley is in the Harbour View FC youth club .
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones is associated with Sammy Price . R & B originates from the blues and lends itself to disco .
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore which is in the state of Karnataka . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000 .
The American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , on Mar 15 , 1932 . He was a test pilot , and was hired by NASA in 1963 . He spent 100305 minutes in space as part of the crew of Apollo 12 .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde having been ordered on 22 January 2004 . It weighs 1850 tonnes , is 125 . 8 metres long and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
The NASA operated Apollo 12 had many crew members . The commander was David Scott , and Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler , Texas ) was a test pilot . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot .
Made in Mexico City , the AMC Matador was manufactured in 1971 . It ' s related to the AMC Ambassador .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA - 3 which is operated by Arianespace and located at the Guiana Space Centre which has its HQ at Kourou , French Guiana .
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom . The capital of this country is London and is lead via the European Parliament . The leader is called Boris Johnson . The natives of the United kingdom are British people .
Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18 . 29 km / s and its orbital period is 1514 . 722 days . Nikolai Chernykh discovered the asteroid which has 475426000 . 0 kilometres of apoapsis .
The Alderney Airport has a runway length of 733 and its 1st runway surface is poaceae .
The Abarth 1000 GT has a coupe bodystyle .
English is the language of the United States .
Ann Arbor is in the state of Michigan whose capital is Lansing .
Alan Shepard ( born on 1923 - 11 - 18 in New Hampshire ) went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 and two years after in 1959 he was selected from NASA . Alan died on the 21st of July , 1998 .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is the Uruguay national under 20 football team and he plays for the club , U . S . Città di Palermo .
Alpharetta is part of the U . S . state , Georgia .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada on 12th October 1986 and is 1 . 9558m tall .
Russia ' s leader is Sergey Naryshkin .
Alfred Garth Jones was born 1872 in Manchester , England .
A . F . C . Fylde ground is Warton Fylde and it has 3180 members .
Antwerp International Airport , which serves Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level , is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government .
The Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres and was launched from ELA - 3 launchpad . Its maiden flight was on the 11th December , 2002 and its final flight was on the 18th December 2009 .
Auburn is part of Pierce and King counties in Washington state . The state is belong to the United States whose capital is Washington D . C .
Adam Holloway , who was in the Grenadier Guards in the military , was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College in Cambridge .
The Guiana Space Centre , which is located in French Guiana , is home to the ELA - 3 . The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad , which is operated by Arianespace .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana in the United States . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV and his youth club was Goslarer SC 08 . Aaron Hunt ' s club is VfL Wolfsburg .
Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region .
Al Anderson plays rock music which has its origins in Blues .
Alan B . Miller Hall , completed on 1st June 2009 , is owned by The College of William and Mary and is situated in 101 Ukrop Way , Virginia .
Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle which was assembled in Marysville , Ohio . It has front - wheel and all - wheel drive and a Honda K engine . The transmission of the Acura TLX is a 9 - speed ZF 9HP automatic ( V6 ) .
Above the Veil has an ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
Abilene Regional Airport served Abilene Texas and is 546 metres above sea level . The runway is called 17L / 35R and is 2195 long .
Abel Hernandez , whose club is US Citta di Palermo , played youth football for Central Espanol and also for Penarol under the manager Jorge Orosman da Silva .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay . Tabare Vazquez leads Uruguay .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and he died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . His successor was William M . O . Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
108 St . Georges Terrace , which was completed in 1988 , has a floor area of 39599 . 0 square metres . It has 50 floors , and cost 120 million AUD .
Adare Manor was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham .
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . located in the United States . The company power the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises .
Magdalene College in Cambridge alum and Grenadier Guard veteran Adam Holloway was born in Faversham . A UK Conservative Party member , his career began 05 / 05 / 2005 .
The Acura TLX is a luxury class vehicle which is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant . The Acura TLX has a V6 engine and has front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor and the national anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
The governing body of the Eastern Province Sri Lanka is the Eastern Provincial Council .
Alan Shepard , now deceased , was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot .
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey in the U . S . The country ' s largest city is New York and the country ' s capital is Washington , D . C .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB , with an epoch date of 6th March 2006 , was discovered by Iwan P Williams .
Gordon Marsden , is one of the leaders in Blackpool , which is where , AFC Blackpool have their grounds . The club had footballer , Stuart Parker ( who plays for Blackpool F . C . ) , for a manager .
Attica is a city in Logan Township , which is a part of Fountain County , where the County Seat , is Covington . Attica , Indiana , is part of the United States , where the capital is Washington D . C .
Arlington is part of Texas ; where Spanish is spoken , and where the capital city is Austin .
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are two leaders in Italy . Italy ' s capital is Rome and the language spoken there is Italian . A . S . Gubbio 1910 play in that country .
Ajoblanco originates from the Andalusia region of Spain . Its main ingredients are : bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
Narendra Modi leads India whose people are known as Indians . Bhajji comes from India .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , U . K . The leader in that country is Elizabeth II and the leader of Manchester is the Labour Party .
Native Americans and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians are part of the US ; which Barack Obama is the president of .
103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in the city . The building has 23 floors and construction was completed in 1976 .
Airman ' s alternative name is Drake Stevens .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft , Rostock in Germany .
US national Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated with a Sc . D from MIT in 1963 and was selected by NASA the same year . He served as a crew member of Apollo 11 and received 20 awards during his service .
Akita Museum of Art located in Akita Prefecture is found in Japan .
The function of the Antares rocket was a medium expendable launch system .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party which uses the colour of blue . He served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
Dead Mans Plack is made of rock and located in England where the established religion is The Church of England .
String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns House music ) , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Billie Oddie starred in Bananaman was born in Rochdale and Kate Hardie is his child .
The People ' s Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes ( Spain ) which is part of the Community of Madrid and is where Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found .
Aaron Turner is a singer and black metal musician who has played for the band Greymachine . Black metal has a musical fusion called Death metal .
The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque ( new Mexico ) which has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and the population density of 1142 . 3 people per square kilometers .
A Severed Wasp , published in the United States is in the English language .
Albany , Georgia , is within the United States . Americans occupy the U . S . where English is the spoken language .
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico .
Elliot See , born in Dallas , has already passed away .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States and is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britain . The US includes many Asian Americans and the leader is called the President .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and published in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain . Barack Obama is the president of the US and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capital and Cyril Ramaphosa as leader . Coloured people are an ethic group of this country .
Curitaba is part of the state of Parana .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and the capital is Washington , D . C . Akron is in Summit County , Ohio which is in the United States .
There are 45 floors of 200 Public Square in Cleveland , Ohio , 44114 .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio , United States ( local leader Frank G Jackson ) .
Electric guitarist , Aaron Turner , performed with the band Sumac . He played with the band Twilight the musical genre of which , is black metal . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Taro Aso is the leader of Japan which has the Vietnamese people as one of it ' s ethnic groups . Japan ' s Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region , Indonesia , and one if its ingredients is fried chicken .
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence & Space .
Akeem Ayers has been active since 2011 .
Adams County , Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as Contributing property .
Angola is part of Steuben County . Indiana , United States , The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans and Asian Americans .
Alan Shepard spent just over 9 days in space .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William M . O . Dawson . Mr . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the Arianespace operated ELA - 3 at Guiana Space Centre . Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou , French Guiana .
There are 12 floors at 250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , with a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is November 26th , 2005 . 1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA ; 1927 WB and its has a periapsis of 288 , 749 , 000 , 000 and an apoapsis of 373 , 513 , 000 kilometres .
Acharya Institute of Technology ( motto Nurturing Excellence ) is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The currency in Mexico is the Mexican peso .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States and is led by The New Mexico Senate and John Sánchez . One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans .
The administrative Arrondissement of Antwerp is the Arrondissement of Antwerp .
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka where one of the leaders is Ranil Wickremesinghe and they speak Tamil .
Imst born Alfons Gorbach died in Graz which is Austria , the country where Doris Bures is leader .
Auburn is part of the state of Washington in the United States .
In South Africa ( where the capital is Cape Town ) there are many ethnic groups , one of which is called the Coloured , Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders and 11 Diagonal Street is located there .
Aaron Hunt , who plays for Goslarer SC 08 , previously played in the Bundesliga league for the club SV Werder Bremen which is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk .
The kidney bean is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , which is a dish from Colombia .
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164 Kelvins .
A . C . Cesena has 23900 members and its ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and his former team is the Los Angeles Rams , who play their home matches at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the language spoken is English .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S . where the inhabitants are called Americans . The leader of the United States is the President of the United States and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alberto Teisaire was a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office when Juan Peron was President . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where the leader is Gabriela Michetti .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and once played with The Wildweeds . He started his career in 1966 and the band plays rock music .
Agnes Kant from the Netherlands is a member of the Socialist Party in Netherlands , the party where Emile Roemer is a leader .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spain . Felipe VI is the leader there and Spaniards are an ethnic group there as well .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s youth football club was FC Spartak Moscow , the grounds of which , are the Otkrytiye Arena . An FC Terek Grozny player , Aleksandr Prudniko , v plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club which is managed by , Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Americans come from the U . S . whose anthem is known as The Star Spangled Banner . The ALV X - 1 comes from the U . S . who have an ethnic group called Native Americans .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey ( part of Atlantic county ) , in the United States , is where Atlantic City International Airport is located . It has the runway name 4 / 22 .
The singer called Andra , whose genre is Rhythm and blues , became active in the year 2000 . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which intern was originated from blues music .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , operated by AFC Ajax .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is President Barack Obama .
Noodles are an ingredient in the dish Bakso which comes from China and is popular all over Indonesia and south eastern Asian countries .
Anaheim , CA has 336265 people inhabiting it .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is located in Ashgabat and hub airport is Turkmenabat Airport .
Baked Alaska is a dish found in the U . S .
The ship AIDAstella was christened in March 16 2013 , had her maiden voyage on March 17th 2013 , and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
American Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate who is sometimes known as Jon Valor .
Greece ' s leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . He is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which followed 1634 : The Baltic War .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a food found in Mexico .
Former The Wildweeds member , Al Anderson , is the guitarist in the band NRBQ , which plays Rock music .
Rock musician Al Anderson plays guitar in the band NRBQ . A musical fusion of rock music ( which originated from country music ) is bhangra music .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , ISBN 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 , was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . Shinzo Abe is the leader of Japan , where there is an ethnic group of Chinese people .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , born in Miri , Malaysiam , was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups , .
Solo singer , Andra , was born in 1986 , in Campia Turzil . A singer for a living , Andra is a singer of Dance - pop music .
Musician , Andrew White , started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow . He is a member of the band Kaiser CHiefs , and is signed to the record label B - Unique Records . White ' s record label used to be Universal records which is now a defunct label .
AZAL PFK Bakou is playing Azerbaijan PremierLeague , 2014 – 15 .
Alex Tyus , who played for Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C . , plays in the Euroleague .
Anders Osborne , who worked with Tab Benoit , plays blues music under the recording labels : Alligator Records and Rabadash Records . The former studio is in Chicago .
Ben Urich was created by the American , Gene Colan and the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel , who began his career in 2009 , has worked with Jwaydan Moyine and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States , where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Retired American test pilot Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas was a member of the Apollo 12 crew who spent 100305 minutes in space . His Alma Mater is UT Austin , B . S . 1955 .
Aaron Turner , a Black metal musician , plays the electric guitar . He played with the band Twilight and performs for Mamiffer . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was succeeded by Sulamain Abdul Rahman Taib , was born in Miri , Malaysia and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He graduated from the University of Adelaide and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Java . It has " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken in it and is served hot with sambal .
AFC Fylde played the 2014 - 15 season in the Football Conference .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC which plays in the Qatar Stars League .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore city , Karnataka state in India . It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and is a citizen of the United States .
The DeSoto Custom is related to the 1955 Dodge , made by Dodge , who has a key person called Sergio Marchionne . The Desoto is related to the Chrysler Newport car .
The singer Andra ' s occupation is singing .
Alison O ' Donnell records with London based , Deram Records ( Pop label ) and is signed with Static Caravan Recordings .
The maiden flight of Ariane 5 took place on 9th March 2008 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak and was born in Miri , Malaysia . He represented the Kota Samarahan region and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party .
Operated by Arianespace , the ELA - 3 is at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana in Kourou . This was the launch site of the Ariane 5 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 . The leader of the country is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by MTU Friedrichshafen made engines in Friedrichshafen , Germany .
The runway name of Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport at San Sebastian de los Reyes is 18L / 36R and it is 4349 metres long .
With grounds in Rome , A . S . Roma play in Serie A . Juventus FC have been champions of that league .
Alternative rock musician Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs . Alternative rock originates from punk rock is is a fusion with Nu metal .
A Long Long Way , written in Ireland , has a sequel called The Secret Scripture . It is published by Viking press , whose parent company is Penguin Random House .
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato ( part of the order of Solanales . ) , another ingredient that can be used is Sago .
Born in Ponteareas , Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain , who succeeded , Francisco Franco .
The Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors which makes the AMC Matador .
the periapsis of 1036 Ganymed is 18443400000 .
Walter Baad , who discovered 1036 Ganymet , was born in the German Empire and attended the University of Gottingen .
The full name of the A . F . C . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde . " and they have 3180 members . The club ' s ground is in Lancashire and they competed in the 2014 season .
Electric guitar player Aaron Turner performs for Mamiffer and plays Black Metal music . Black Metal helped give rise to Death Metal music .
Ayam penyet comes from the Singaporean region and Halimah Yacob is the country ' s leader . It can be found in Java as well where Baduy people is an ethnic group .
Paracuellos de Jarama is in Spain .
Alan Bean is an American born in Wheeler , Texas in 1932 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and performed as a test pilot . He is now retired .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California and has a total area of 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) . Contra Costa County in California , where Vietnamese is spoken , is part of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns , beginning his career in 2009 .
Alessio Romagnoli plays defense for A . C . Milan which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović . Mr . Romagnoli is associated with UC Sampdoria part of the Serie A . League .
The Abarth company was founded in Bologna .
Little Chute is part of Appleton , Wisconsin which is served by Appleton International Airport .
Bionico is a dish from the region Jalisco in Mexico . Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients .
BBC is located in London .
Andrew Rayel plays trance which has its origins in pop music . He is associated with Bobina and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
The Apollo 12 mission was operated by NASA .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina , on 05 - 20 - 1891 . Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire , who was Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long .
Abilene Regional Airport which is part of Taylor County , Texas in the U . S . A . , serves the city of Abilene . It has a runway length of 2 , 194 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the U . S .
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . The city is 107 . 43 square kilometres large and has 523 . 9 residents per square kilometre .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
The folk performer Alex Day , who became active in 2006 , was born in the United Kingdom and plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell .
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who was a Canadian who died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda , has a Honda K engine , and is related to the Honda Accord .
Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system and competes in the Big 12 Conference with Hook ' em as the mascot . Gregory L . Fenves was appointed as the president of the University of Texas at Ausitin .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and is made nationwide and is also found in Malaysia and Singapore . The main ingredients are " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal .
Sweet potato is part of the solanales plant family and are included in binignit recipes along with sago .
The Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle which was assembled in Marysville , Ohio . It had a front engine design layout and a V6 engine .
Aaron Deer plays the piano and performs in the Indie rock genre . Indie rock originated from garage rock music within the New wave style .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 . He obtained 20 awards .
Adam Holloway who was born in Faversham , began his career on 5th May 2005 , he worked as a Member of parliament and he was in the Grenadier Guards in the military . The alma mater of Adam Holloway was Magdalene College in Cambridge .
1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador , whose assembly line is in Port Melbourne , Victoria .
Bakewell tart , which includes the ingredient fruit preserves , is a variant of Bakewell Pudding which comes from the Derbyshire Dales . The leader of the Derbyshire Dales , which is in the county of Derbyshire , is Patrick McLoughlin .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny .
The AIDS Journal , first published in 1987 , belongs to the academic discipline HIV / AIDS , predominantly HIV .
A T Charlie Johnson edited AIP Advances which is published by the American Institute of Physics . His doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham and his alma mater is Stanford University .
Albennie Jones , an American - born rhythm and blues performer , has worked with the musical artist Sammy Price . Rhythm and blue originated from blues music , and disco later derived from rhythm and blues .
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio .
ACF Fiorentina have 47290 members .
Albany , Georgia is found within the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
Baked Alaska is from either France , the United States , Hong Kong or China . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients .
Alfred N . Phillips served in the United States , Army and retired on 1939 - 01 - 03 . The army took part in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County in Michigan .
Curitiba is part of the South Region , Brazil , is led by the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) and is served by Afonso Pena International airport , .
The official leader of Turkey is called the President . It ' s capital is located in Ankara and its largest city is Istanbul . It has a monument called the Ataturk . The Ataturk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and was founded on July 27 , 1982 . It is made of bronze .
The asteroid called 11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second , a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres , and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres . It ' s epoch is November 26 , 2005 .
Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6 , starring Ryan Potter .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was the Governor of Connecticut .
The 1955 Dodge , DeSoto Custom and Plymouth Plaza ( manufactured in Plymouth ) are related modes of transportation . The Plymouth Plaza was succeeded by the Plymouth Satellite .
Aaron Hunt plays for Goslarer SC 08 and his club is VfL Wolfsburg which is managed by Dieter Hecking .
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson .
Julia Morgan , who is from California , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and The Riverside Art Musuem .
AIP Advances editors include Vincent H . Crespi , Bernard S . Gerstman , A . T . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka , and Enge G . Wang . It has the CODEN code of " AAIDBI " and is abbreviated to AIP Adv . .
A Severed Wasp , published in hardback , has the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio , Italy . It includes cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County , also of Pennsylvania . Maryland ' s Carroll County and Frederick County are found to the southeast and southwest of Adams County respectively .
The soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial located in Azerbaijan . It was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
Alessio Romagnoli , is connected to UC Sampdoria and played for the Italian national under 16 football team . The coach of the Italian national under 16 football team is Daniele Zoratto .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow out of Otkrytiye Arena . He plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz and the FC Terek Grozny whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated Acta Palaeontol . Pol , with a LCCN number of 60040714 , is focused on Paleontology .
Jens Hartel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and was manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . His club is Berliner AK 07 and he plays for SV Babelsberg 03 .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which is from Indonesia and a popular Malaysian dish .
The number of members of Isidro Metapán is 10000 .
1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km and a temeprature of 43 kelvins .
Alison O ' Donnell was signed with pop label Deram Records and is currently with Static Caravan Recordings . London is home to Deram Records .
The main ingredient in the Philippine dish of Binignit is coconut milk . Sago is also used .
Some facts about Auburn , Alabama : It is located at 214 . 0 above sea level , its total area is 140 . 8 square kilometres , the area code is 334 , and it has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre .
O3R / 21L is a runway at Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . The airport is 34 meters above sea level with a runway length of 1411 . The 3rd runway is made with Poacea .
Orange County , is part of the greater Los Angeles area , in California .
Akeem Priestley belongs to Oliver Wyss managed , Orange County Blues FC . He has played for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga .
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom , where Bacon sandwiches , a variation of BLT , are popular . Lettuce is one of the ingredients in a BLT which is a variation on the club sandwich .
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark .
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom whose natives are called British people and whose currency is Pound sterling .
Atlanta is in the United States , where the language is English .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician who is signed to Deram Records which is based in London . Her record label is called Static Caravan Recordings .
lemons are classified in the order sapindales .
Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia .
Meyer Werft built the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Italy .
Almond is an ingredient of Ajoblanco and are from the order of Rosids and Rosales .
Hip hop has its origins in funk and jazz while influencing drum and bass . It is the musical genre of singer Abradab .
The Alderney Airport runway has a length of 733 and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae .
Binignit contains the ingredients sweet potato and banana and comes from the Philippines .
Alan Martin , who was born on 1 January 1989 , played football for Accrington Stanley FC and Clyde FC .
Alan Shepard , who served as a Test pilot , was born in New Hampshire on the 18th of November 1923 .
Considered a main course , Bacon Explosion ' s main ingredients are bacon and sausage . It comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area , in the United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association , its headquarters being in Brussels . The School is found in Aarhus , Denmark . Aarhus is found to the southwest of Mols , and Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Alessio Romagnoli is in the Italy national under 16 ' s football team which is coach by Daniele Zoratto .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland . The country , whose people are known as Finns , is led by Sauli Niinisto .
The birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo , where the leader is the politician Daniel Martínez .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania and its rector is Breaz Valer Daniel .
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Rabadash Records .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 and it has 600 students .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Inter Milan and previously for football for Genoa C . F . C .
The avocado is a member of the Laurales plant order ( Lauraceae family ) and is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa . This dish forms part of the Colombian cuisine and is found in the Antioquia Department .
Dance pop singer Andra was born in Alfredo Zitarrosa .
Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards in the military , and fought in the Gulf War . John Major was a commander during the Gulf War .
Albennie Jones is a solo singer who plays blues music .
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico , a food that can be found in Guadalajara , in Mexico .
The city of Mendrisio in Switzerland , which is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann , is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 . The national anthem of the country is the Swiss Psalm .
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , whose main ethnic group is Spaniards . Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain , whose leader is Carles Puigdemont .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s youth football club was FC Spartak Moscow whose ground is at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas in the United States .
F . C . Koln have 50000 members .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s date of birth is 1936 - 05 - 21 and his birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak . Abdul Taib Mahmud ; resides in Kuching , represented Asajaya and his party is , Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara .
Rolando Maran was born in Italy .
250 Delawre Avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in 1872 .
Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established on 11 July 1907 at the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick , Maryland . The monument is categorised as a historic district in the US and is owned by the National Park Service .
The alma mater , of Ab Klink ( born in Stellendam ) , is Erasmus University ( in Rotterdam ) which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Walter Baade , who graduated from the University of Gottingen , discovered 1036 Ganymed .
Rome was the birthplace of Juan Carlos I of Spain and his predecessor was Alfonso XIII of Spain . Abel Caballero was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch and while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister .
Ashgabat International Airport has the runway name 12R / 30L .
Alfa Romeo 164 ' s transmission is a 5 speed manual .
Walter Baade , born in Preußisch Oldendorf , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He studied at the University of Gottingen .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is Olympique Lyonnais whose home territory is at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium and is chaired by Jean - Michel Aulas . Mr . Guruli plays for Dinamo Batumi FC that has Levan Khomeriki as its manager .
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Alfons Gorbach died in Styria .
Derbyshire Dales is found in the County of Derbyshire .
A . C . Cesena , with 23900 members , is in the Serie B league and has a ground called Stadio Dino Manuzzi .
Bananaman , which was first broadcast by the BBC on 3rd October 1983 , was created by Steve Bright and starred Graeme Garden .
Albert B White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , USA . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who was born in Bloomington , Maryland and died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg which was part of the American Civil War conflict where Jefferson Davis was a commander .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland .
The country of Indonesia , where Indonesian is spoken , commonly serves Arem - arem .
The demonym for people living in the United States is Americans .
The asteroid called 1036 Ganymed has a periapsis of 184434000000 . 0 .
AC Milan , playing in Seria A , is managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic , and has players like Alessio Ramgnoli , who also plays as a defender for the italian national under 17 team .
The Euro is the currency in the Netherlands .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the Native Americans . It was in this country that Abraham A Ribicoff was born and became a US National He was married to Ruth Ribicoff and died in New York City .
A - Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 km / h . TheA - Rosa Luna is 125 . 8 metres long and it was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde . .
Ska Punk ' s stylistic origin is Punk rock .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg ; where Robert E . Lee was a commander .
" 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " is the sequel to " 1634 : The Galileo Affair " , written by Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California .
Alessio Romagnoli , who plays for A . S . Roma , used to play for the Italian national under - 19 football team . His current club is AC Milan which has Silvio Berlusconi as the chairman and Siniša Mihajlović as the manager .
The bacon explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader . The capital of the country is Washington DC and the White Americans are an ethnic group .
The ALV X - 1 has had a total of 1 launches .
The English language is spoken both in Great Britain and the United States . The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the US where A Fortress of Grey Ice originates .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Athens .
William Anders was born on Oct 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong but is from the US . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . He was a fighter pilot and began working with NASA in 1963 . Anders retired on Sept 1 , 1969 .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and was in office under Prime Minister Antonis Samaras before being succeeded by Makis Voridis who had been born in Athens . Samaras himself had held office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
The nickname of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Lucky Ajax .
Luciano Spalletti has previously been associated with Udinese Calcio and was at Virtus Entella . He is now manager at AS Roma and plays for Empoli FC .
Abilene , Texas , is part of Texas ( United States ) , where the capital city is Austin .
AFC Blackpool has 1500 members and its grounds are called Jepson Way .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the US and once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office where he succeeded John N Dempsey .
Rice is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
At an elevation of 324 metres above sea level , Angola , is part of Pleasant Township ( Steuben County ) , Indiana , in the United States . With a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres , Angola , has a population density of 524 . 5 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A , Manhattan . They are in the architectural sytle of Romanesque Revival architecture and were constructed in 1904 . The reference number is 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places and was added on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
Under the control of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , the capital province of Lahore city in Pakistan . The president of Pakistan is Mamnoon Hussain .
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville in North Carolina where later became Governor . Alfred was a member of the Democratic Party in the U . S . and was succeeded by James Madison Leach .
Carl A Wirtanen discovered ( 29075 ) 1950 DA . It has a density of 3 . 5 kilograms , an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 and a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the language is English .
Aaron Turner played post - metal for Greymachine and currently is a member of the Mamiffer .
The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr .
Jens Härtel is in the RB Leipzig club , started with FC Lokomotive Leipzig and has managed 1 FC Magdeburg .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England , attended Magdalene College in Cambridge and began his career on May 5th , 2005 . He served in the Grenadier Guards and was the MP for Gravesham .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the club AS Lyon - Duchère .
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan , Alabama in 1981 . He specialized as a solo singer in hip hop music .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base is located in Fallujah , a city in Fuad Masum led Iraq .
The creator of Asterix , a comics character , is René Goscinny , who is French .
Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 .
Adare Manor was designed by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham and was completed in 1862 .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters band and Post metal , which uses the cello , is his genre .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Austria and died in Styria . Austrian German is spoken in the country which is led by Doris Bures .
Aarhus has to its northeast Mols .
Arianespace , in France , operates ELA - 3 . Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC in the Qatar Stars League and is managed by Amar Osim . Alaa Abdul - Zahra is in the Al - Khor Sports Club who play in Al Khor .
The power of the ship Alhambra was by a geared steam engine Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes 140hp .
Stan Lee and American Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder .
The Alhambra has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom .
Juan Peron was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina and was in office while Hortensio Quijano was vice president . When Peron became President Alberto Teisaire was in office .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus has a staff size of 737 people . The university is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels .
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Amarillo is part of Texas , in the United States .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Harbour View F . C and he plays for Sheikh Russel KC .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Harrietstown , Essex County and Saranac Lake , New York ( United States ) .
Batak is the ethnic group in Sumatra .
Abdul Talib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia on May 21st , 1936 . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region . His current residence is Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
The top speed of the American submarine NR - 1 is 8 . 334 .
Barny cakes can be found in France whose leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls . French is spoken there .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for FC Terek Grozny ( manager Rashid Rakhimov ) . He has also represented FC Spartak Moscow , whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov and whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena .
There is . 54 square kilometers of water in Albany , Oregon .
Allen Forrest ' s genre is Hip Hop music , the stylistic origin of which is disco . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music .
Arlington is in Texas whose capital is Austin . English is spoken in Texas .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi and FC Samtredia . Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium is the ground of FC Samtredia .
Hong Kong or New York or Paris are the regions where Baked Alaska is found .
The former name of 1089 Tama is " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " and it has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec , an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis measurement of 288749000000 . 0 .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is in Al Khor and is managed by Amar Osim . He also plays for the raq national under 20 football team .
Al Anderson , member of the band NRBQ , was born in the United States .
A Wizard of Mars , published in the United States was written in English , which is spoken in Great Britain .
Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico , which is home to the dish Bionico . The dish comes from the Jalisco region and is served as a dessert . A variation on dessert is cake .
Solo singer Aleksandra Kovac was born in Serbia in 1972 . Her genre is soul music .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 . 1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 km , a periapsis of 34920600000 , an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , and a mass of 2 . 7 kg .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages .
Aaron Deer plays piano in indie rock whose stylistic origins in Garage rock and New wave and guitar is played in indie rock music .
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC and he plays for the T & TEC Sports Club .
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi which was founded by August Horch . Audi e - tron is a division of Audi .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets and he later played for Boston Bruins who are based in Boston .
A > C Cesena ground is in Cesena , the team is in the Serie B league .
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors who were acquired by Chrysler .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is called Turkmenistan Airlines . It ' s runway length is 3800 . 0 and is 211 metres above sea level . The runway is called 11 / 29 .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza in Agentina , worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . He was in office while Juan Peron , a member of the Labour Party , was President . Teisaire was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 served as a test pilot and died in St Louis . .
The Atlas II was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The book " A Severed Wasp " is available in print .
Located at 268 metres above sea level , Anderson , ( in Madison County , Indiana ) , has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 people per square kilometer .
The ISSN number of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 0236 - 5294 .
Alberto Teisaire comes from Argentina , where Spanish is spoken .
Aston Mastin DBS is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin .
Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . otherwise known as Buzz Aldrin was a part of Apollo 11 crew along with William Anders . Buzz Aldrin won 20 awards .
Adam McQuaid plays for the Boston Bruins in Boston . His draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets whose general manager is Jarmo Kekalainen .
Alan Shepard , who was a member of Apollo 14 , died July 21st , 1998 in California well after being picked by NASA as part of the space program .
Asser Levy Public Baths ( constructed in 1904 ) are located in New York City .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken .
The AIDAstella was built by the German based company Meyer Werft . It is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere , a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & Plc .
Colin Powell was the commander in the Gulf War , a war Adam Holloway fought in . Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and is a national of the United Kingdom , where the capital is London .
Alfred Moore Scales came from the US where Native Americans make up an ethnic group .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which uses General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon ( an aircraft fighter ) and was part of Operation Enduring Freedom .
The Aston Martin V8 , manufactured by Aston Martin , is from the U . K . , which is led by Elizabeth II . It was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage .
Mike Akhigbe ' s successor was Atiku Abubakar .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to A . C . Chievo Verona ) has 39371 members and are based in Verona , Italy .
Both Aaron S . Daggett and Robert . E . Lee ( commander ) were at the Battle of Antietam .
Bella Center were developers of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
Ace Wilder is a solo singer born in 1982 in Stockholm .
Accrington Stanley F . C . ' s ground is Accrington .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , located in Haarlemmermeer , is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India which is southeast of Mahe .
Peter Stoger played for both SC Wiener Neustadt and SK Vorwarts Steyr . He is now manager of 1 FC Koln and plays for SK Rapid Wien club .
Asherton , Texas is part of Dimmit County , Texas in the United States . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is in Asherton .
Anders Osborne plays rhythm and blues and was signed to Alligator Records .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) .
Athens International Airport has a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , is the manager at AC Lumezzane . He previously played for Vicenza Calcio and now plays for FC Bari 1908 .
The genre of Al Anderson is rock music which is part of the fusion genre Bhangra .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA was discovered by Carl A Wirtanen , has a density of 3 . 5 kilograms and its epoch date was on 27 August 2011 . It has an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 and its periapsis is 124950000000 . 0 .
Along with managing AZ Alkmaar , John van der Brom is a player in Istanbulspor A . Ş and plays for AFC Ajax and Vitesse Arnhem .
Massimo Drago , who played for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 has been the manager of AC Cesena .
One of the languages of Denmark is Greenlandic .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933 . He served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 . He retired on September 1st 1969 .
The American submarine NR - 1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat Co . found in Groton , Connecticut . The parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat Co . is General Dynamics .
Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and its commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia . Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore , where the leader is Tony Tan .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus . The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . There are 16000 students and 737 academic staff .
Aleksander Barkov Jr . plays in the National Hockey League where the Montreal Canadiens have won the most championships .
The European Space Agency manufactured the Ariane 5 , which was launched from the Guiana Space Centre , and had a final flight on the 18th December 2009 .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Iraq . Two leaders of Iraq are Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum .
The comic character Auron , full name Lambien , was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson .
The Aston Martin V8 coupe , Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport . The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom and the engine is 5 . 3 litres .
Rock music originated from country music .
Aurakles is a fictional character created by Dick Dillin .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is 253260 . 0 mms long . It is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruise line located in Rostock .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England and began his career on 5th May 2005 . A national of the United Kingdom , Adam Holloway is a member of the Tories and his alma mater is Magdalene College in Cambridge .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , established in 1928 , has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . It is in Aarhus , Denmark and affiliated with the European University Association . Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis .
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor , which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862 .
A memorial in honour of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry was founded on 11th July , 1907 . The monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , which owned by the National Parks service , is near Frederick , Maryland .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid which is in and is a part of New York .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 5th runway number 18 .
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises . AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and has a beam of 32 . 2 m .
Kashubians are an ethnic group of Poland .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is at North Wall Quay and was completed in December 2008 . This 28metre high structure plays host to concerts and events .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New York , in the United States .
A Wizard of Mars was published in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United States , where the capital is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are one ethnic group .
Pianist Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and house musician Christian Burns . Moyine is associated with John Digweed .
Buxton is the birthplace of Tim Brooke - Taylor .
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Taro . Another ingredient is sweet potato , a flowering plant which belongs to the Solanales order of plants .
Born in Faversham Kent , England , Adam Holloway is from the United Kingdom and a member of the Conservative party .
ACM Transactions of Information Systems , abbreviated ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . , has an ISSN number of 1558 - 2868 , an LCCN number of 89646863 and a CODEN coden of ATISET .
Albert B . White ' s profession is politician .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , Alfred Moore Scales ' s country . Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg , which occurred during the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War .
AIDAluna had its maiden voyage on the 22nd of March , 2009 .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for UC Sampdoria and is also a member of AS Roma . His current club is AC Milan which is under the chairmanship of Silvio Berlusconi and has Sinisa Mihajlovic as manager .
Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar , who , served in the Nigerian Air Force and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe .
Sweet potato is an ingredient in Binignit which comes from the Philippines .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki .
Dodge manufactured the 1955 Dodge which is a related means of transportation to the DeSoto Custom and the Dodge Coronet .
Aaron Turner , a performer of the musical genre Post metal , played with the band Twilight and also with the band Isis .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army , which battled in the American Revolutionary War .
Walter Baade , who was born in the German empire , discovered 1036 Ganymed . Halton Arp was one of his doctoral students .
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy of Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Michael Manley created the comic character , Ballistic , who has the alternative name , Kelvin Mao .
The USAF , operating the Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbard Province , Iraq , which has a runway length of 3090 meters .
Eric Flint wrote the book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " which is available in paperback and has 512 pages .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which was once known as 1999 SN5 , has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days . This celestial body has an epoch date of 13th January 2016 and a periapsis of 41498400000 .
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a rotation period of 11473 . 9 .
The AS Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and the full name of Livorno Calcio S . p . A . Their ground is known as Stadio Armando Picchi .
Ab Klink , is from the Netherlands , where the Euro is the currency . Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the largest city is New York City . Atlantic City is part of New Jersey which is in the United States .
Vice President Mike Akhigbe was part of the Nigerian Navy military and was preceeded by Oladipo Diya . Abdulsalami Abubakar , succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo , held office during Vice President Mike Akhigbe ' s leadership .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York .
The population density of Austin , Texas , is 1296 . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s record label is Static Caravan Recordings .
The Alfa Romeo 164 was made in Arese and is connectd to the Lancia Thema .
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 k . p . s . , a temperature of 155 kelvins and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 Kilometers .
Abel Caballero was in office after Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez succeeded Rodolfo Llopis , and also whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch .
The Acharya Institute of technology is located in India and the offered sport is tennis . The governing tennis body is the International Tennis Foundation .
Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman , created the character , April O ' Neil .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a fighter pilot and member of the Apollo 11 crew . He spent 52 minutes in space and is now retired .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece . The country which has the leaders , Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . It is also , where Greek is spoken , and the Euro is used .
Baked Alaska , made with meringue , comes from New York , United States .
Poaceae is of the order Poales and in the division of flowering plants . It is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Abradab was born in Katowice .
With a total are of 490 . 9 square kilometres , Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Located in Agra , at 167 . 94 metres above sea level and operated by the Indian Air Force , is Agra Airport . It has a runway with the length of 1818 , and has the location identifier , VIAG .
Anders Osborne , has worked with the band Galactic and is associated with Tab Benoit and with the band Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and was built by the American Locomotive Company .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece . National leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos , and the official language is Greek .
Philippine English is the language of the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U . S . Route 83 .
Albert B . White died on the 1941 - 07 - 03 .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Inter Milan and is attached to the club Genoa CFC .
The Texas capital is Austin , while its largest city is Houston . English speaking Texas is also home to Arlington and is part of the United States .
200 Public Square in Public Square , Cleveland was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy whose leader is Pietro Grasso . The capital of Italy is Rome whose language is Italian . Italian are the people who reside in Italy .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in Belgium .
Abilene , Texas is in Jones County in the United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . with New York City being the largest city . English is their native language .
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , New York .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President . Juan Perón , was married to Eva Perón , and belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina . Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , the leader of which is , Horacio Rodríguez Larreta .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Mols is to the northeast of Aarhus .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo in Uruguay . The leader of Uruguay is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and the people that live there are called Uruguayans .
Big hero 6 was the first appearance for Baymax , created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle .
AZAL PFK are in season 2014 .
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre , the stylistic origin ofwhich is pop music .
Angola , Indiana is part of the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States , where English is the language and where the dish bacon explosion originated . Barack Obama is leader of the US , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors .
Baymax is a character from Big Hero 6 , who was created by American born Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA - 3 at the Guiana Space Centre . Arianespace , located in the city of Courcouronnes , in France , operates the ELA - 3 .
The AFC Ajax amateurs ( Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs ) played the 2014 - 2015 season in the Topklasse .
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and began his musical career in 2009 . He plays trance music and is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns .
The United States House of Representatives , is the title of the leader of Antioch . This city , is part of Contra Costa County , which in turn is part of the San Francisco Bay Area , in English speaking California .
AFC Fylde has 3180 members .
Delta II originates from the United States and was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 . The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport and is similar to the Delta II rocket .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce , from Italy , where the language is Italian , and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi , in the U . S . A . , in 1914 . Albennie Jones is a performer of rhythm and blues and has a background as a solo singer .
The United States House of Representatives is located within the United States .
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 .
Walter Baade , was the one to discover , 1036 Ganymed .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician which is a genre of music which uses guitars .
Costa Crociere is based in Italy .
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 3500 .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest , its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania .
The AWH Engineering College was established in India in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin where the 3Arena owned by Live Nation Entertainment is located .
The Mason School of Business located in the United States , are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall ( also known as Robert A M Stern ) , Alan B Miller hall has a Georgian architectural style .
A Glastonbury Romance , which has 1174 pages , is in print and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Alexandria , is part of Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
Afonso Pena International Airport in São José dos Pinhais is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway named 11 / 29 that is 2 , 215 in length . The airport ' s ICAO location identifier is SBCT .
Alfons Gorbach , was born in Imst , in the state , Tyroland was a politician from the Austrian People ' s Party . He died in Graz , in Austria .
The Solo singer Ace Wilder , was born on 1982 - 07 - 23 in Stockholm Sweden .
Elliot See was a student at the University of Texas at Austin which is part of the University of Texas system .
Abel Caballero was in office , while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain . The predecessor of Juan Carlos I f Spain was Francisco Franco .
11 Diagonal Street is located in Johannesburg .
Akeem Adams died in Budapest .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud , who lives in Kuching . His birth place is , Miri , Malaysia and he was succeeded by , Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Located in Alcobendas , Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500 metres and a runway named 18R / 36L .
Alan Frew is a solo singer whose origins are from Newmarket Ontario , Canada .
Abner , who plays for the Coritiba Football club , has represented Brazil at under 17 level .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , which is the location of Amarillo , Texas .
Bodhrán player Alison O ' Donnell performs the genre of jazz music .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club but previously played for FC Spartak Moscow whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States .
Anaheim , California is in Orange County ( Greater Los Angeles area ) in the United States . The U . S . is led by the president and Anaheim covers an area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
Alex Day , born in the UK , was active in 2006 in Folk music . He played for Chameleon circuit band and is associated with Charlie McDonnell , musician .
New Jersey is located within the United States .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician signed to the record labels Alligator Records ( in Chicago ) and Okeh Records . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The United States invasion of Panama was a battle involving the United States Air Force .
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl ( abbreviated to A . S . Gubbio 1910 ) has 5300 members .
The Uruguayan Primera División is the league that Peñarol play in .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War and was awarded the Cross of Independence .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and plays rhythm and blues . That music genre is derived from blues . Disco music comes from rhythm and blues music . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport in Madrid has a runway length of 4349 metres . The airport is operated by ENAIRE and has the runway name 14L / 32R .
The currency in Greece is the euro .
The Addiction Journal ( Addiction ) is published by Wiley - Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and has the LCCN number is 93645978 .
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Belgrade , in 1972 . He is a solo singer who performs funk music .
The abbreviation of the Administrative Science Quarterly is Admin . Sci . Q .
The Switzerland leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann and it has a legislature called the Federal Assembly with its leader being the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . The country ' s neighbor is Meride . Switzerland ' s anthem is Swiss Psalm . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio .
The Atlas II originates from the United states and measures 3 . 04m in diameter , it was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandnberg Air Force Base . Its final flight was on the 16th March 1998 .
Airey Neave was born in Kinightsbridge .
Alex Plante was born in 1989 , in Brandon , Manitoba . At a height of 1 . 9304m , Alex Plante , has played for the club Anyang Halla .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s date of birth is 1936 - 05 - 21 .
Beginning her career as a solo singer , Andra ' s musical genre is Rhythm and blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office and he was a member of the Nigerian Air Force and Atiku Abubakar was Mike ' s successor .
The Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica is made of Bronze .
The 3Arena is located at " North Wall Quay . " .
The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine .
Aaron Bertram , who started performing in 1998 is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and also plays for the Suburban Legends band .
Abilene is located in the United States state of Texas , where the capital is Austin .
Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso from Indonesia .
Marriott International ( founded in Washington DC ) is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark ( led by Lars Lokke Rasmusen and the German language is spoken ) .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , in the United States , a country where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans and where the language spoken is English .
Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards in the military and fought in the Gulf War .
Agnes Ward White is the spouse of Albert B . White , whose successor was William M . O . Dawson . The birthplace of William M . O . Dawson was Bloomington Maryland .
Aaron Deer is a singer , whose musical genre is indie rock , which stylistic origins in Garage rock and New wave music .
Bandeja paisa is a traditional Colombian dish containing pork belly from the Paisa region .
Construction of Adisham Hall , Haputale ( which has the Tudor Revival architectural style ) began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe . The country is the location of Adisham Hall in Haputale .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016 and its former name was " 1928 SJ " .
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 and took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville , which was part of the American Civil War conflict where Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Available in hardcover , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has 448 pages .
Anaheim , part of Greater Los Angeles California , is part of Orange County , California , U . S . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim which has an area of 131 . 6 Sq . Km .
11 Diagonal Street is in Johannesburg .
South Africa ' s leader is called Jacob Zuma .
Andra is a rhythm and blues artist , which is derived from Funk .
Buzz Aldrin was a member of Nasa ' s Apollo 11 crew alongside William Anders the backup pilot .
Al Anderson from the band , NRBQ , is a singer and his musical genre is country music .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi in the U . S . A .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 and can be found in Turkey , where the title of the leader is President of Turkey .
Aleksander Chumakov was born in 1948 in the Soviet Union and represented his country at football .
James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s ranking is 63 and its school colors are Blue , White and Orange .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and there is an ethnic group called Asia Americans . The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
The German capital is Berlin and the inhabitants of the country are known as Germans . Rostock is located in the country and is the base for Neptun Werft who built the A Rosa Luna .
Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority ' s location is Jinnah International Airport .
Saranac Lake , New York is located in the United States and is a part of Harrietstown , New York . Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake in New York .
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument , which was inaugurated July 27 , 1932 in Izmir , Turkey . The country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu , and the currency is the Turkish lira .
Addis Ababa City Hall , started in 1961 and completed in 1964 , has a 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) floor area .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Penguin Random House ( parent company Viking Press ) .
The United States includes the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Albany , Oregon .
Cake is a variation of dessert such as Bionico which has sour cream as an ingredient .
Jamie Chung starred in the film Big Hero 6 .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States .
Acoustic music is Alex Day ’ s genre .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York . He died in the U . S .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the title of the leader is the President .
199 KW4 has en epoch date of July 14th 2004 and a peripsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome .
The dish of asam pedas is from Sumatra in Indonesia and Malaysia .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader of the Italians .
New Hampshire born Alan Shepard ( Nov 18 1923 ) graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in California .
Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed , studied at the University of Gottingen and had Allan Sandage as a doctoral student .
AIDS ( journal ) was published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . London is the capital of the UK , where David Cameron is a leader and English is the language spoken .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois . He worked as the secretary of the state of Vermont and was preceded by Homer Elihu Royce .
William M . O . Dawson succeeded Albert B . White who ended his career on 4th March 1905 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences , headquartered in Warsaw .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader and is officially titled President of Turkey where the Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir made of bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica , inaugurated on July 27 , 1932 .
Aaron Deer has a background as a solo singer .
Elliot See went to the University of Texas at Austin and served as a test pilot and is now deceased .
Adam Koc was awarded the Legion of Honour .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , neighbouring the municipality of Meride in Switzerland . The country is led by the Federal Chancellor , Johann Schneider - Ammann and it ' s national anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who was married to Casey Ribicoff , was born in New Britain , Connecticut .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . Its dean is Mario Botta . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica CODEN code is " AMAHE9 " .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s current club is FC Amkar Perm which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Allen Forrest started his career in 2005 . He plays hip hop which has its origins in funk and disco . Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop .
Abel Caballero ( place of birth : Ponteareas , Spain ) , worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies and belonged to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama is the leader . The language of the US is English which is also spoken in Great Britain .
Sergio Mattarella leads the Italian people in Italy . The capital city is Rome and the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is also located in the country .
The London government is known as the Parliament of the U . K .
Aaron Turner is a black metal artist who was born in Boston and started performing in 1995 . He has played with Twilight and in the Lotus Eaters Band .
Alan B . Miller Hall cost 75 million dollars .
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are both leaders of Italy where Rome is the capital city and the language spoken is Italian . In this country the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is also located .
William M O Dawson succeeded Albert B White , who died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , United States .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is located at Jinnah International Airport and is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport .
The architecture style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian .
The language of Great Britain is English , and this was used in the original publication of A Fortress of Grey Ice . The book is , however , from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC . The country is also where the Native Americans are known as an ethnic group .
Abilene is the largest city , in Taylor County , Texas .
Alberto Teisaire , of the Justicialist Party , was born in Mendoza , Argentina . He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was in office at the time that Juan Peron was President .
Andrew White is signed to London - located Polydor Records . His record label is Fiction .
Arianespace is the maker of Ariane 5 which was launched from the Guiana Space Centre and its last flight was Sept . 27 , 2003 .
The Ataturk Monument , which was designed by Pietro Canonica , was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 . Turkey ' s leader is the President , its currency is the Turkish Lira and the capital city is Ankara .
Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . manager is Adnan Hamad .
The pound sterling is the currency of the United Kingdom , which is also the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
London is the capital city of the United Kingdom which is led by Elizabeth II . The country is where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who have Wolters Kluwer as their parent company .
Bob McNair is the owner of the Houston Texans .
During the American Civil War conflict one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis , and Alfred Moore Scales participated in the Battle of Chancellorsville .
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States , where the leader is Dan Horrigan .
Celery is included in the Indonesian dish , Bakso .
Rock guitarist Anders Osborne is with Shanachie Records and an associate of musician Johnny Sansone . Bhnagra is a fusion of Rock .
Gerd von Rundstedt was a commander in the Battle of France and one of the people involved in that battle was Airey Neave .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC .
In 1964 the Addis Ababa City Hall was completed with a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) and a total height of 42 metres .
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and located on Asser Levy Place & East 23rd Street , was added to The National Register of Historic Places April 23 , 1980 .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce from the Lazio region . Its ingredients include tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the English language is spoken , and one of the ethnic groups is Asians . The President of the United States is the most important leader , and Joe Biden is also a leader .
Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D . C . in the United States . He has a non - performing background , but can play rock and roll music .
The AMC Matador is a Full - size car .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and he attended the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens .
Walter Baade ( born in Preußisch Oldendorf ) graduated from University of Gottingen and died in the same city . He discovered 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp was his doctoral student .
Amarillo , Texas , United States . is part of Potter County and Randall County . Randall County is a county located in Texas with the county seat being Canyon .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas in March 15th 1932 . Alan graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . and performed as a test pilot on Apollo 12 . NASA operated Apollo 12 where Alan was hired in 1963 .
103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham , England .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who was at Drogheda United FC but is currently part of the KV Mechelen club .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago in the DuPage County of Illinois within the United States .
William Anders , who crewed Apollo 8 , retired on September 1st , 1969 .
Alan Shepard who is originally from New Hampshire graduated with a M . A . from NWC in 1957 . He then went on to become a member of the Apollo 14 mission and earned a distinguished service medal from the United States Navy . Alan Shepard retired in 1974 .
Anaheim , California has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and is located within the United States . Anaheim , is a city in Orange County which is part of the greater Los Angeles area and it is led by the California State Assembly .
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain , where the leader is , Felipe VI of Spain . Abel Calallero is Spanish and was born in Ponteareas , in Spain .
Edwin E . Aldrin who was born on 20th January 1930 , went on to be known as Buzz Aldrin .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the US founded American Locomotive Company and is 17068 . 8mm long .
Aaron Turner is from the United States and began performing in 1995 . He is a black metal musician and has played with the bands Twilight and Lotus Eaters .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans , based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee . He also used to play for the St Louis Rams .
Julia Morgan was the architect and designer of many significant buildings including Asilomar State Beach , the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum .
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 , and has 34 floors .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown , New York in the United States .
Eric Flint wrote the book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " which has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The total area of Atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and the population density is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Walter Baade is a German national .
Alvah Sabin represented the 3rd Congressional District in Vermont .
Texas is in the United States .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and / or Matteo Renzi .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where Spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is Houston . Tejano is the name given to citizens of Texas , where the state capital is Austin .
1634 : The Baltic War was written by David Weber .
Anders Osborne ' s genre is Blues and is signed to the record label Alligator Records .
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and its president is B . M . Reddy .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U . S . Route 83 .
Hip hop music originated from jazz music .
Chris Patten is a representative of British Hong Kong .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont .
The length of the ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres .
Auburn , Lee County , Alabama is located in the United States .
The 300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , US and has 60 floors . Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago .
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the Union Army and fought in the American Civil War , where Jefferson Davis was one of the commanders .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark . The country is led by its Monarch , Lars Løkke Rasmussen and residents follow the Church of Denmark .
Bhajji and pakora are related and cauliflower can be used as a variation in pakora .
Peter Stoger plays for SK Rapid Wien .
Ayam penyet is made from fried chicken and can be found in Malaysia , Singapore and Indonesia .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and the leader has the title President of the United States . Joe Biden and Paul Ryan are leaders of the US .
Ariane 5 was built by the European Space Agency and launched from Guiana Space Centre .
12 / 30 is the runway name of Appleton International Airport .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly , which is abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . Their ISSN number is 0001 - 8392 and their LCCN number is 57059226 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Boris Johnson and European Parliament led , Sidcup , London . The Greater London Authority governs London .
Boston is the birthplace of James Pallotta .
1099 Figneria , which has a mass of 2 . 7kg , has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 km per sec , an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and a periapsis of 349206000000 . 0 .
Attica , part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana , is in the United States . The capital of which is Washington DC . Covington is the county seat of Fountain County , Indiana .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres and a temperature of 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
The construction of 320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929 .
Bhajji comes from the country India , where two of the leaders are T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi . It is also where the Indian rupee is the currency .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
Alessio Romagnoli , who plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria , plays for the club A . C . Milan . Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of A . C . Milan which is in Serie A league .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola and has a runway called " 05L / 23R " .
FC Terek Grozny player , Aleksandr Prudnikov , belongs to the club , FC Spartak Moscow , they play at the Otkrytiye Arena .
The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso .
Al Anderson sings with rock band NRBQ . Rock music originated from country and Bhangra is a fusion genre partly from Rock .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , a country which prevously had the leader T . S . Thakur and now has leader Sumitra Mahajan .
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette II .
The ethnic group for Spain is Spaniards .
The A - Rosa Luna has a 2 × MTU 16V 2000 M60 engine .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel whose headquarters are in Bethseda , Maryland .
The Marriot International , originally founded in Washington , D . C . , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
Casey Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A Ribicoff , who was born in the US and died in New York City . The US is home to an ethnic group called African Americans .
Alvah Sabin is from the state of Vermont , which has the largest city of Burlington . Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of A . S . Roma and Italy ' s national under 17 team ( coached by Alessandro Dal Canto ) .
Arem - arem , which contains banana leaf , is served nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published by Tor Books .
Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A Heinlen . He was born in Burbank , California and wrote Grantville Gazette II and then 1634 The Bavarian Crisis .
The service of the AIDAluna began March 22 , 2009 . The AIDAluna is 252 m long and its beam is 32 . 2 m . long .
Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders of Birmingham which was the birthplace of architect , John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Anderson , Indiana , is part of the Anderson Township , Madison County in Indiana .
Associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren , musician Andrew Raye , is associated with Christian Burns , who performs pop music .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , part of Bundelkhand and Awadh . The airport is 167 . 94 m above sea level . The leader of Uttar Pardesh is Ram Naik .
The Abarth foundation , was founded in Italy , and is the manufacturer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and has a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 . It ' s escape velocity is 0 , orbital period is 16244700 . 0 and has an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which originated from jazz and disco .
The Gruppo Bertone is located in Turin .
The Audi A1 has a front engine , front - wheel drive layout .
The epoch of 1089 Tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 . It has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States , the country where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Albuquerque City Council is led by Richard J . Berry .
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Ellington , Wisconsin in the United States . The airport serves Appleton which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
United Petrotin FC ' s ground is Palo Seco Velodrome .
Springfield is the capital of English language speaking Illinois , in The United States , and is home to Chicago , Illinois ' 300 North LaSalle .
Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia . It is a variation of Siomay and Shumai ( which include Shitake mushrooms ) .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in " A Loyal Character Dancer " . The book is published by Soho Press in the United States . That country contains the ethnic group of Native Americans .
1101 Clematis has the average speed of 16 . 54 km / s .
101 Helena has an absolute magnitude of 8 . 33 .
Arlington is part of Texas where Houston is the largest city .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leaders are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob .
Aaron Turner played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands . He started performing Black metal in 1995 .
Alan Bean graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B . S .
Elliot See was an American born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He graduated from U of Texas at Austin which is a part of the U of Texas system . See died on Feb 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
Footballer , Alan Martin , was born on 01 / 01 / 1989 . He played football for Hamilton Academical F . C . and plays for the club , Accrington Stanley F . C .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America which is the location of Albany , part of Dougherty County in Georgia .
The BBC broadcast Bananaman , which starred Rochdale born Bill Oddie . The BBC headquarters is called Broadcasting House .
Alan Shepard has died in California . He was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot , being the recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , an award higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române ! . It ' s ethnic group is German .
Canyon , is the county seat of Randall County , which is in Texas .
Auburn , Alabama is located 214 . 0 above sea level and has the area code of 334 . There is a total area of 140 . 8 sq km which includes 1 . 7 sq km of water , and it has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
Rolando Maran ( Italian ) is a member of the Calcio Cantania . He plays for Carrarese Calcio and is the manager of Calcio ChievoVerona .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany , her alma mater is the Radboud University Nijmegen .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and the OCLC number 78771100 .
Alfons Gorbach was in office at the same time that Mikulov born Adolf Scharf was President .
The Agra Airport ' s ICAO location identifier is " VIAG " .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , of which the capital is London . The Leader of London , via the European Parliament , is called Boris Johnson .
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis as its sport . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . The governing tennis body is the International Tennis Federation .
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and English is the language used . English is also the language of Great Britain .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 2744 meters long .
Asam pedas is found in Malaysia ( Malaysian Chinese ) and Sumatra ( ethnic Malays ) .
The tomato comes from the Solanaceae family .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in 1930 - 01 - 20 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 and spent a total of 52 . 0 minutes in space . He has retired now .
Agra Airport , operated by the Indian Air Force , is located in Uttar Pradesh . Ram Naik is a leader in Uttar Pradesh . The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand , located 34 meters above sea level , has a runway length of 1411 . 0 and the third runway is made of Poaceae .
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . He served as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Wilfred R . Cousins Jr .
AZ Alkmaar has has 17023 members and their ground is the AFAS Stadion .
The ALVX - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres , has had a total of 1 launch with 2 stages at Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . The name of the runway is 10L / 28R .
The discoverer of 410777 2009 FD is Spacewatch .
In the United States the spoken language is English and the African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The state of Indiana can be found in the country and is the location of Angola in Pleasant Township , part of Steuben County .
Buzz Aldrin is now retired . A US national , he was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a ScD in 1963 .
The AMC Matado , which has a 1971 model and is related to the AMC Ambassador , is assembled in Mexico City .
The municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . Adams County is east of Franklin County and northeast of Frederick County , Maryland .
The runway length at Ashgabat International Airport is 900 . 0 .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . It has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and bananas . Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of flowering plants .
Joe Biden is a leader of the U . S .
ALV X - 1 hails from the United States , the leader of which , is titled , President of the United States .
1000 Piazzia has a periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and its epoch is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint is 512 pages , published in print and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
Albennie Jones was born in the U . S . A . She is a solo singer and jazz artist .
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria , the country where Alfons Gorbach died , in Graz .
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as A911 MD and has the epoch date of 31 July 2016 . It was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has the orbital period of 5 . 75 days with a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kms .
Los Angeles Rams play at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes including Grantville Gazette III . It is written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank , California .
The discoverer of 101 Helena , was Canadian , James Craig Watson , who died of peritonitis , in Madison , Wisconsin .
Akron , Ohio is in Summity County , which is a city in the United States whose capital is Washington D . C . and Asian American live here .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published in Hardcover .
Juan Peron , of the Argentinian Labour Party , served as President when Hortensio Quijano was governer and Alberto Teisaire was in office .
The dessert Baked Alaska comes from France where they speak French . Sandesh is also a dessert , fun fact !
The city of Akita is part of the Akita Prefecture in Japan where the main ethnic group are the Japanese and is also the location of the Akita Museum of Art .
NASA ' s Apollo 12 crew included Alan Bean .
Anaheim is part of California where Spanish is one of the spoken languages .
Alpena County Regional Airport ' s runway length is 2744 . 0 .
Akeem Priestley , who represented the Jamaica national football team , is in the Harbour View FC youth club and plays for Dayton Dutch Lions .
Abradab was born in Katowice , Poland . He ' s played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with rapper Magik .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the United States , was married to Casey Ribbicoff and died in New York City . The U . S . has many ethnic groups including African Americans .
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa .
200 Public Square is located in the United States .
Born in New Hampshire , Alan Shepard got a distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy .
Montevideo , Uruguay us the birthplace of Alfredo Zitarrosa . Montevideo is led by Daniel Martinez .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team but he used to play for the Italian national under 16 football team which is coached by Daniele Zoratto .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 under reference 80002709 .
The 1955 Dodge ( manufactured by Dodge ) has a V8 engine and a wheelbase of 120 inches .
Auburn is part of both Pierce County and King County in Washington , United States .
FC Amkar Perm football club player , Aleksandr Prudnikov , was a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow , which has Otkrytiye Arena as a home ground .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is 192000 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam of 24 . 4 . Deriving from Argentina , it was sold to the Netherlands on 1 April 1948 .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell is signed with Deram Records and Osmosys Records . London is the home of Deram Records .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is VfL Wolfsburg and is also in the youth club SV Weder Bremen , having previously played for Hamburger SV .
Abner , who has represented the Brazil national under 20 team , currently plays for Coritiba Football club and also for Real Madrid Castilla where Luis Miguel Ramis is manager .
American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin with a B . S . in 1955 . He served as a crew member of Apollo 12 and spent a total of 100305 minutes in space .
Akeem Ayers was born in 1989 and started with the Tennessee Titans team . He also was with the Los Angeles Rams team .
Democrat Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviation : Acta Math . Hungar ) discipline is Math .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba , which is part of Parana state .
Abradab have the musical genre of hip hop music , which originated from funk music . Hip hop is also the origin of drum and bass .
C Woods discovered 107 Camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres , and the epoch 31 December 2006 .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , the land of Spaniards , which is where Ajoblanco originates from .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was erected in 2000 and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . To the west of Adams County can be found Franklin County and to the north Cumberland County , both of Pennsylvania . Carroll County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania .
Albennie Jones is a rhythm and blues performer who was born in Errata , Mississippi , USA . Disco is a derivative of Rhythm and blues , which originated from the blues .
Lake Placid , New York is part of Essex County , New York .
Born in Chicago , Casey Ribicoff , was Abraham A . Ribcoff ' s wife . U . S . national , Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York City , in the United States , the country where one of the ethnic groups is , Native Americans .
Alessio Romagnoli has been a defender with the club U . C . Sampdoria who play in the Serie A league . He currently plays for AC Milan under the manager Sinisa Mihajlovic .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English which is also a language spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where African Americans are one ethnic group and Barack Obama is the leader .
Erasmus University in Rotterdam is affiliated to the Association of MBAs and is where Ab Klink studied . Klink worked as a Member of the House of Representatives and was born in the Netherlands .
1 . FC Köln were in the 2014 – 15 Bundesliga season .
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia which is led by Jusuf Kalla . Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Bataho and Siomay .
United States national Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . Now retired , he performed as a test pilot and was a crew member aboard Apollo 12 . His total space time is 100305 minutes .
66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . It has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , is part of New Jersey .
Doris Bures is a leader of Austria .
The director of Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Bandeja paisa , containing lemon , is a typical Colombian cuisine found in the Antioquia Department .
Albuquerque in New Mexico , United States is governed by the United States House of Representatives , which is part of the United States Congress . The leader of the US is Barack Obama and English is the language spoken there .
Alex Tyus plays for Anadolu Efes S . K .
The runway length of Al - Taqaddum air base is 4019 . 0 and it serves the city of Fallujah .
The total production amount for the ALCO RS - 3 is 1418 .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita .
Asilomar Conference Grouns is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California .
One leader in the U . S . is Paul Ryan where its capital is Washington , D . C . An ethnic group there are Native Americans . The Bacon Explosion sandwich comes from the U . S .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of the Indonesian dish batagor , which should be served hot .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County which is part of California .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician associated with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars . He was signed to Shanachie Records and Alligator Records , Chicago .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , of which the capital city is London . Cornish is a language spoken in England and one of the ethnic groups are The British Arabs .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County , Indiana , United States .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark is Marriott International , the company which was founded in Washington DC . One of the languages in Denmark is the German and the leader of the country is Margrethe II of Denmark .
The Battle of Salem Church was one of the military conflicts in the American Civil War .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from . The ingredients of this soup dish include noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , a mass of 2 . 7 kg , an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , a periapsis of 34920600000 , and an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 km .
The American Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is made up of several parts , two of which are Awadh and Bundelkhand .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is on U . S . Route 83 and was constructed in 1911 .
Ayam penyet is a food dish found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , whose leader is called the President .
James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin , discovered 103 Hera . He was a Canadian that studied at the University of Michigan .
Alex Tyus was born is St . Louis .
The College of William and Mary , with Chancellor Robert Gates , is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall , United States , currently leased to the Mason School of Business .
Atlas II had its final flight on the 31st of August 2004 .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky ( designed by architect 3XN ) in Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel .
Synthpop is a musical derivative of house music .
Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada .
The leader of the United States has the title President of the United States .
Born in Staten Island , New York , Albert Jennings Fountain died in the United States , on 1896 - 02 - 01 , in New Mexico Territory .
Barrow A . F . C . are the National League North Champions .
Alpena , Michigan is in the U . S .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ .
Rolando Maran plays for Varese Calcio S . S . D .
A . S . Roma has 70634 members .
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan , who was born in San Francisco .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and plays for both Torino F . C . and Vicenza Calcio .
The discipline of The American Journal of Mathematics , also known by the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math . , is Math . The journal has an ISSN number of 0002 - 9327 .
The runway at Afonso Pena International Airport is 1800 meters long .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut , was married to Ruth Ribicoff and he died in his native land . African Americans are among the many ethnic groups in the U . S .
Poaceae class is Monocotyledon .
Michele Marcolini plays for Torino F . C .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma .
The Ariane 5 was made by ESA and Arianespace and was launched at the ELA - 3 . It had its maiden flight on August 11th 2005 and its last flight was on December 18 , 2009 .
Honda makes the Acura TLX which has a V6 engine .
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds as well as being behind Chinatown in San Francisco and other significant buildings including the Riverside Art Museum .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in the United States .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the Swiss city of Mendrisio . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann and their national anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
Abraham A Ribicoff , married to Casey Ribicoff , was born in the United States and served as Governor of Connecticut .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria and A . S . Roma . He is now with A . C . Milan which is chaired by Silvio Berlusconi and managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s record label is Deram Records and she plays jazz music .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is located in Adams County Pennsylvania , with Carroll County to the southeast .
1089 Tama has an average speed of 19 . 94 kilometres per second .
Albany is located in the U . S . state of Georgia . Americans live in the U . S . whose leader is the president . An ethnic group in that county are Native Americans .
20 Fenchurch Street , with 34 floors , was completed April 2014 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 600 students .
Ab Klink is a national of the Netherlands .
The Battle of Salem Church occurred during the American Civil War .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Greene , Maine and he died in West Roxbury . He fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
AFC Ajax N . V . own Sportpark De Toekomst .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He was a test pilot and was a crew member aboard the NASA operated Apollo 14 , and retired on 1 August 1974 .
The Aston Martin V8 , related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and Aston Martin DBS , is assembled in the United Kingdom . It ' s body style is the Coupé and it ' s engine volume is 5 . 3 litres .
Ab Klink , born in the Netherlands , attended Leiden University .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s clubs are Esteghlal Ahvaz F C and Al - Zawra ' a SC , which is managed by Basim Qasim .
Cornell University ( affiliated with the Association of American Universities ) is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . The president of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett .
Alan Shepard who is originally from New Hampshire graduated with an MA from NWC in 1957 . He then went on to become a member of Apollo 14 ' s crew before retiring in 1974 . Alan Shepard died in California .
Pietro Grasso leads Italy , which is famous for it ' s Amatriciana sauce . Rome is the capital of Italy and it ' s spoken language is Italian .
Condiments are ingredients of bacon sandwiches which come from United Kingdom .
A . S . Livorno Calcio has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann who heads the Federal Assembly , and the national anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014 season .
Akron is part of Summit Country in Ohio , where the leader is known as the Major . Ohio is a part of the U . S which has a capital of Washington D . C . One of the ethnic groups that resides in the U . S are Asian Americans .
English in the language of the United States and its capital city is Washington DC . Amarillo is part of Potter County in the state of Texas .
Discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory , ( 15788 ) 1993 SB , has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 . It has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 7715100000 . 0 kilometres .
The city , Albany ( Oregon ) , falls under Linn County Oregon , in the U . S .
Located in Greenville , Wisconsin , Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 1 , 982 and 12 / 30 is the runway name .
Above the Veil and it ' s sequel Aeinir are examples of Austrlian literature .
Abel Hernandez is a member of the Central Espanol youth team .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE in Alcobendas , Madrid Spain .
Indiana is home to Anderson city and has Indianapolis as a capital .
Adam McQuaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kgs , was born in Charlottetown in 1986 .
Alexandria is located in Indiana where Indianapolis is the capital .
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta and the university was established in 1996 .
Aaron Boogaard , whose club is Wichita Thunder , was born in Regina , Saskatchewan , on 11 / 08 / 1986 .
Canada , which is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard , uses the spoken language of English , is led by Elizabeth II and has an anthem known as " O Canada " .
The nationality of Elliot See is United States .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed with the record label Odeon Records .
The Americans are people who live in the United States and include the ethnic group of Native Americans . The country contains the city of Albany which is part of the state of Georgia .
Greenville , Wisconsin , is part of Ellington , Wisconsin .
Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial .
Spanish is spoken in the United States House of Representatives which leads Anaheim , California .
A Clerk ( municipal official ) is the leader of Atlantic City , N . J and its total area is 44 . 125 square kilometres . The area code of the city is 609 and it has 1421 . 2 inhabitants / square kilometre population density .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , where one of the leaders is Susana Mendoza . Chicago is part of the state of Illinois , in the United States . The capital of that state is Springfield .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny based in Grozny .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas in 1932 - 03 - 15 . He attended the University of Texas in Austin and obtained a B . S . in 1955 . He became a test pilot .
The singer Andra was born in Romania and she bean her career as a solo singer . She is a singer and reality tv judge and performs rhythm and blues music .
Andrews , Texas is the largest city in Andrews County , Texas , which owns the Andrews County Airport .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow .
Rome was the birthplace of Juan Carlos I of Spain .
Born in Ponteareas , in Spain , Abel Caballero , worked as Minister of Transport .
Robert E Lee was the commander in the Battle of Cold Harbor .
Olusegun Obasanjo ' s predecessor was Abdulsalami Abubakar .
Ayam Penyet , a fried chicken dish , is from Malaysia and Java ( country of the Javanese ) .
Zamba musician and singer Alfredo Zitarrosa , signed with Movieplay , is associated with artists Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Pérez .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , a country that has Malay people as an ethnic group .
Atlantic City International Airport has an elevation of 75 feet above sea level .
Elizabeth Garrett is president of Cornell University .
Dane Whitman , alter ego Black Knight , was created by the American , John Buscema .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans , an American Football team based in Nashville , his former team the Los Angeles Rams , play at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and are coached by Jeff Fisher .
San Marcos is the largest city in Hays County , Texas .
T S Thakur is a leader of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , once a memberof FC Spartak Moscow , now plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club . He was born on the 24th of February , 1989 , and is 185 cm tall .
Al Anderson , a member of the band NRBQ , performs rock music , which is where the music Bhangra of the fusion genre comes from .
Construction of 20 Fenchurch Street began in January 2009 and the building has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
Stockholm born Ace Wilder , has the occupation of singer and a musical background as a solo singer .
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall in The United States which is owned by the College Of William and Mary where Robert Gates once served as chancellor .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York where one of the many languages spoken is Arabic . He fought in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was as a commander .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England in 1872 .
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat , Ahmedabad in India , a country led by Narendra Modi .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located near Rome , capital of Italy .
Texas , or Tejano , is the location of Andrews County Airport , with the capital in Austin .
Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was hired by NASA in 1963 .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain .
Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and Tabare Vazquez are the leaders of Uruguay . Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , in Uruguay , where the people are known as Uruguayans .
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas System and will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See died in St . Louis on February 28 , 1966 .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has the attack aircaft , the Lockheed AC - 130 . The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War and took part in Operation Enduring Freedom .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas . Its runway length is 2194 . 0 and 546 m above sea level .
Asser Levy Public Baths ' reference number is 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places .
1089 Tama has a rotation period of 117 . 28 hours and an orbit of 373513000 . 0km .
The 10R / 28L runway at Aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 in length , which is run by the operating organization of Aktieselskab .
Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines , where Batchoy comes from . It is also the country where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Alex Tyus played for the club Anadolu Efes S . K .
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 3 , 500 .
Anaheim is located in Orange County which is part of the Greater Los Angeles area of California . The city is led by the United States House of Representatives .
Adonis Georgiadis alma Mater was the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans which is coached by , Mike Mularkey . American Football team , St . Louis Rams , are based in the city of St . Louis and is the former team of Akeem Ayers .
Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas where he performed as a test pilot and was on the crew of Apollo 12 . He is retired .
66063 1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4 November 2013 and was formerly known as 1999 SN5 . It has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days , an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km per sec and a periapsis of 41498400000 . 0 .
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman for the Popular Orthodox Rally .
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago and plays for Central FC and also T & TEC Sports Club .
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome in Italy and is made from tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . Basil can also be included in the sauce .
Juventus FC and AS Roma are former Serie A champions , where Roma has 70634 members , its headquarters is the Olimpico stadium .
Albert Jennings Fountain , who was born in Staten Island , New York , died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Italian based Costa Crociere ' s parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc and AIDAstella is its subsidiary . AIDAstella , operated bt AIDA Cruises , was built by Meyer Werft .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Moscow , Russia .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland in the United States and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Akeem Dent ' s first team were the Atlanta Falcons and he also played for the Houston Texans of Texas . The Houston Texans are owned by Bob McNair .
The English language is spoken in Alderney .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville which was part of the American Civil War conflict , where Abraham Lincoln was a leader .
Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of Asam pedas which is a food found in Malaysia .
Alan Bean originally from Wheeler , Texas began work for NASA in 1963 as a test pilot .
Baked Alaska comes from France and is also served in Hong Kong . Manuel Valls is a leader in France , while Carrie Lam is a political leader in Hong Kong . Chinese is one of the languages spoken in Hong Kong .
Part of the United States , Attica ( Indiana ) , has an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres , and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Bacon is the main ingredient of the bacon sandwich that comes from the United Kingdom .
The footballer Alan Martin plays for Barrow AFC .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the locals are called Texans .
Al Andersonis an NRBQ member and rock musician . Bhangra is in the fusion style , which has origins in Rock .
Discovered by Nikolai Chernykh , 11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States , where Angola , Indiana can be found .
The president is the leader of the United States . The country where Albuquerque , New Mexico , is located . It is also the country where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
New York City is the largest city in the United States and Washington DC is the capital . The country includes the ethnic group of Native Americans and is the location of Atlantic City , part of New Jersey .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 and was founded in the US .
Bionico is found in the Jalisco region of Mexico . It is served as a dessert . Cake is a varation on dessert . Jalisco is led by Aristóteles Sandoval .
1099 Figneria - formerly known 1928 RQ , has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and its periapsis is 349206000000 . 0 .
The christening date of the AIDAluna is 2009 - 04 - 04 and her maiden voyage was on March 22nd 2009 . The AIDAluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology is " Nurturing Excellence " .
Sergey Naryshkin is a key emplyee at Sovcomflot which operates the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov .
Outagamie County , Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport which is elevated 280 metres above sea level .
Born in Austria - Hungary , Alfons Gorbach , died in Graz .
The parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer who publishes the AIDS ( journal ) in the UK whose capital is London .
Abilene is located in Taylor County , Texas , United States .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has 600 students and was established in 1996 .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from America , where there is a leader called Paul Ryan and where African Americans are an ethnic group . Washington DC is the capital of the US and the leader of the country has the title of President .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov .
The fried chicken dish Ayam Penyet is from Malaysia and Java ( Baduy are an ethnic group there ) .
Karnataka is located southwest of Telangana and has the Arabian Sea to the west . The state is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum . The Institute offers the sport of tennis which has the International tennis Federation as it ' s governing body .
Akeem Ayers former team is the Los Angeles Rams and his draft pick is 39 .
Richard A . Teague is employed by Chrysler .
Abarth ( founded byCarlo Abarth ) are the manufacturers of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé which was designed by Gruppo Bertone ( founded in Italy ) .
Alfred N . Phillips , who was born in Darien Connecticut , worked at the United States House of Representatives .
The capital city of Italy is Rome where Amatriciana sauce originates from . Italian is the spoken language and the country is led by Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc which was founded in California . The company is located in Illinois and powers the AIDAluna .
The AIDS journal has the LCCN number 90640840 .
Elliot See was was born in Dallas and was a student at University of Texas at Austin .
From the United States , Ahmet Ertegun who , performs rock and roll music , has a background in non performing personnel .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , the leader of which is Gabriela Michetti . Buenos Aires is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature .
The epoch date of 109 Felicitas is December 31st , 2006 . Its mass is 7 . 5 kilograms while its orbital period is 139 , 705 , 000 and its periapsis is 283 , 326 , 000 , 000 .
Two types of dessert are cookies and Baked Alaska . The latter is a dish from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim , California .
The biggest city in the United States is New York City and the capital of Washington is Olympia . The country is also the location of Auburn , part of King County in Washington state .
Baked Alaska is from France , the United States or China and hails from Hong Kong . Its main ingredients are : meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Anaheim , Orange County , California is led by the California State Assembly .
Alan Shepard ( born on November 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire ) graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M . A . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Metal . Alan Shepard died in California .
Anders Osborne ’ s musical genre is rock music and his record label is Shanachie Records .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States ( with an important ethnic group being Asian Americans ) , led by the President of the United States and also with Joe Biden in a leadership role .
The coden code for AIP Advances ( abbreviated " AIP Adv . " ) is AAIDBI .
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge .
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle created Baymax .
Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr . was the successor of Allan Shivers , who was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar . He plays for Vitesse Arnhem and ADO Den Haag .
Alpena County Regional Airport , serving Alpena , Michigan U . S . , is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . The airport is 210 meters above sea level and the runway is 1533 m long .
Adam McQuaid ' s date of birth is 12 / 10 / 1986 .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . The capital of the country is Athens and the currency used is the euro . .
200 Public Square in Cleveland was completed in 1985 and has a floor count of 45 .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which was completed on June 1st 2009 and is located in Virginia , United States .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire ( whose bird is the purple finch ) . He was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 .
Albennie Jones , born in 1914 in Errata , Mississippi , is a jazz player and solo singer .
Angola is part of Indiana which is in the United States .
Ace Wilder , a solo singer , is contracted with the record label EMI Records .
Amsterdam - Noord is part of Amsterdam .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts and is located in United States .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 07 / 23 / 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin after that he was chosen by NASA in 1962 . He died in St Louis on 28 February , 1966 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organization for Al Asad Airbase . Lockheed AC - 130 ' s can be found on US aircraft carriers . Two noteworthy battles fought by the air force are the Invasion of Grenada and The Operation Enduring Freedom .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States .
Buzz Aldrin , now retired , is a United States national born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He served as a fighter pilot .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Jones County , Texas .
The Director of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India is Dr G P Prabhukumar .
Sausage is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the US .
The AIDAstella , built by Meyer Werft , is owned by Costa Crociere ( parent company Carnival Corporation & plc ) and operated by AIDA Cruide Line . AIDA Cruises is based in Rostock .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
Atlantic City , is a part of New Jersey , United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . Newark is the largest city of New Jersey .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center .
Alan Frew ' s origins are from Canada .
Asser Levy Public Baths located in New York City ( United States ) , that used to be part New Netherland .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S . where the leader is known as the President . The country uses the English language and its inhabitants , which includes the ethnic group of African Americans , are known as Americans .
The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis . The capital of the country is Bucharest and their ethnic group is Germans of Romania . Alba Iulia is a city in Romania where is based the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The Netherlands , with the leader Mark Rutte , is where Agnes Kant , a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands hails from .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo which is part of Luanda Province . The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3 , 800 .
The genre of Al Anderson is rock music , which originated from country music ( associated with banjos ) , which originated from the blues . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
Baked Alaska is from the country of France where French is spoken and the leaders are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher . Baked Alaska can also be found in Hong Kong or New York or Paris .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa which originates from the Antioquia department of Colombia .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian community of Spain the country of which Felipe VI is the leader .
Anders Osborne plays rock music with record label Okeh Records . He is also signed to Rabadash Records .
3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin and hosts concerts and events . It has a height of 28 metres and was designed by the architect HOK SVE and completed in December 2008 .
Jill Shilling stared in Bananaman , broadcasted by STV .
The Dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botto and the school has an academic staff size of 100 people .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Saranac Lake , New York . It is part of Harrietstow , Essex County in the United States .
Ann Arbor , Washtenaw County , is in Michigan in the U . S .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub ' s deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze .
The orbital period of 1099 Figneria is 179942000 . 0 .
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music and the style ' s sub - genre is the gangsta rap . Hip hop music originated from funk music and has its stylistic origins in disco .
Alessio Romagnoli is part of the A . C . Milan club which is managed by Siniša Mihajlo . He played with the Italian national under - 19 football team .
New York City ( part of New Netherland ) is part of Gale Brewer led Manhattan ( in the United States ) and is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Copenhagen .
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 , the film that stars Alan Tudyk and in which the character Baymax makes his first appearance .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the country of Romania who has the patron saint Andrew the Apostle .
Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who was born in Bloomington Maryland .
Khalid Mahmood is a British politician and one of the leaders of Birmingham which is the home town of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
The architect Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed several significant buildings . These include the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Museum , Hearst Castle and she was also behind Chinatown in San Francisco .
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and the epoch of 2005 - 11 - 26 .
15788 1993 SB was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport which is 25 metres above sea level . The runway length is 2777 . 0 metres and the runway name is 10L / 28R .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Pennsylvania , USA ; the monument was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property and is in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania .
The journal Addiction is published by Wiley Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction .
Buzz Aldrin , a US national , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a ScD in 1963 and was chosen by NASA in the same year to serve as a crew member of Apollo 11 . During his career he was the recipient of 20 awards .
Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed , had a doctoral student named Allan Sandage .
Adam Holloway was in the Gulf War and one commander there was Colin Powell .
The American Journal of Medicine ( Am . J . Math ) is a bimonthly publication with an academic discipline in Mathematics . The ISSN # is : 0002 - 9327 . .
Austin , Texas is part of Travis County and also Hays County , where the largest city is San Marcos .
The leader of Uruguay is Tabare Vazquez .
Pianist Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician . Indie rock originated from garage rock and new wave .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London where Boris Johnson is a leader and it is governed by the Greater London Authority .
The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis . Alexandria which is in Indiana , is part of the Monroe Township .
The American test pilot Elliot See was born in Dallas . He was selected by NASA in 1962 , and died on Feb 28th 1966 in St Louis .
Binignit ' s main ingredients are sweet potatoes which belongs to flowering plants and the Solanales order . The dish also contains Taro .
The ALCO RS - 3 is built by the Montreal Locomotive Works . It has 12 cylinders , a V12 engine , a diesel - electric transmission and has a total length of 17068 . 8 mms .
Ahmet Ertegun is from the Washington D . C . , United States .
Bakso is a dish which originates from Indonesia , the Capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and it ' s leader is Joko Widodo .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce . Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy , the capital is Rome and not surprisingly they speak Italian .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Bacon Explosion comes from .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets , which are based in the city of Columbus , Ohio . He plays for the Boston Bruins which are based in the city of Boston .
Auburn , in Pierce County , is in the state of Washington , in the United States , the capital of which , is Washington DC .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and is a member of the United Petrotin FC who play at the Palo Seco ground . He died in Budapest , Hungary .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 and it has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 with an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , in the United States .
one Amatriciana sauce variation is onion , garlic , black pepper and chili - sometimes garlic is added .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 18L / 36R and has a length of 3500 .
Aleksandra Kovač is asssociated with Kristina Kovac and part of the K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) and their genre is pop music . Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music .
Anders Osborne is signed to Chicago ' s blues label , Alligator Records and Okeh Records .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who play in the city of Atlanta , he previously played with the Houston Texans who play in Texas .
The Bacon Explosion originates from the US and the ingredients include bacon and sausage .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order Poales .
The editor of AIP Advances is A . T . Charlie Johnson , he is from the United States and is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham .
107 Camilla has an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
Born in Asunción , Agustín Barboza , is signed to Philips Records .
Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490 . 9 sq . km . The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role there .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway who is an American .
Born in the state , Tyrol , Alfons Gorbach , was in office during President Adolf Schärf ' s reign .
Netherlands born Ab Klink studied at Leiden University and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Gruppo Bertone was founded in Italy and designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Ankara . Turkey is the location of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Produced between May 1950 and August 1956 , the ALCO RS - 2 has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine type . Its builder is Montreal Loco Works .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain . It is published by Soho Press in the United States where there are many Asian Americans .
The 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is a paperback .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , Munster , County Limerick .
Alfrend Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was an academic staff of ~ 500 . Its motto is " Nurturing Excellence . " .
The capital of Malaysia is Putrajaya .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base which serves the city of Fallujah is located at 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3684 . 0 .
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by STV , .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a density of 1890 . 0 kilograms per cubic metres and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 km .
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an an orbital period of 8 , 788 , 850 , 000 days . Its escape velocity is . 0925 kilometres per second , it has an apoapsis of 6 , 603 , 633 , 000 kilometres and an epoch of December 31st , 2006 .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece , and worked for the office of the Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally until he was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
Part of the rock music genre , Al Anderson , is a singer in the band NRBQ and once played with The Wildweeds .
Abel Hernandez has played for both Central Espanol and HUll City AFC .
The Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Minotaur V rocket .
Adam Koc is a Polish national where the Karshubian language is spoken .
Adam Koc , fought in the Polish – Soviet War , and was awarded the Cross of Independence .
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . The monument was completed in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County , Pennsylvania has Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast .
AMC Matador was assembled in the USA .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States and is led by The New Mexico Senate . Barack Obama is a leader of the United States , where The Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , U . S . The inhabitants of Texas have the demonym of Tejano and Spanish is spoken . The capital is Austin .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was made by Abarth and designed by Gruppo Bertone who were founded in Italy by Giovanni Bertone .
The DeSoto Custom and the Dodge Coronet are similar means of transport .
Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert . Binignit originates from the Philippines where Igorot people are one of the ethnic groups .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Mendrisio , Ticino and has 600 students . Mario Botta is dean of the Accademia .
The guitar is an instrument used in Indie rock .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council led by Austin Fernando .
Alexander L . Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machine which is the publisher of ACM Transactions on Information Systems .
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party , the leader of which , was Henry Clay .
Breaz Valer Daniel is the rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the city of Alba Iulia .
Madison County , Indiana , United States , is home to Anderson .
Aaron Deer is a singer and Indie rock ( which originated from New wave music ) musician .
American Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St . Louis .
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team and is the manager of AZ Alkmaar .
Casey Ribicoff is Abraham A . Ribcoff ' s wife .
Aston Martin V8 is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Cookies and Baked Alaska are both desserts , but the latter dish comes from France .
In the U . S , citizens are referred to as Americans , and Native Americans are an ethnic group . Georgia is a state in the United States , and Albany is a town within . People in America speak English .
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and plays rock music ( one of the musical fusion is bhangra music ) which is the stylistic origin of the blues .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , which falls under the category of Contributing property , is in Pennsylvania .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway , Jerry Ordway is American .
Alex Plante , who is 1 . 9304 m in height and was born in Manitoba , has played for the club Anyang Halla .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and its capital is Kuala Lumpur .
The Aston Martin V8 ' s body style is the Coupé .
Staten Island , in the United States , is the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English , the spoken language of Great Britain . However , it originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the country ' s leader is known as the President .
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg , part of the American Civil War conflict , one of the commaders of which , was Robert E . Lee .
Born on 24 February 1989 , Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Tom Tomsk and he plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish - Soviet war , where Leon Trotsky was a commander .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets , which are based in Columbus , Ohio .
Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago , Illinois , United States where 300 North LaSalle is located .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press which is located in the United States . They ' ve published A Long Long Way which was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Juan Carlos I of Spain was born in Rome .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone , which was founded in Turin , Italy by Giovanni Bertone .
Elliot See died in St Louis , whose Mayor is Francis G Slay , and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . It is affiliated to the University Of Texas system , will compete in the Big 12 Conference and its mascot is the The Hook ' em .
Antioch is part of California .
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa , ( the capital of which is Cape Town ) , a country where White South Africans are one of the ethnic groups and Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders .
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand , is elevated 34 . 0 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway is 1960 feet long .
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , and was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
Andrew Rayel is associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . Christian Burns is a performer of house music .
The Aston Martin V8 , succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , has a 5 . 3 liter engine and is manufactured by Aston Martin . It is similar to the Aston Martin DBS .
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has SLK as its location identifier .
Abel Hernandez plays for Hull City AFC .
Addis Ababa City Hall , with a floor area of 140000 , 0 square metres , was completed in 1964 .
The largest city of Williamson County , Texas is Round Rock .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . 13 / 31 is the name of the runway and it is 23 meters above sea level . Its length is 3048 .
Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq and has a length of 3078 . 48m .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region and part of the Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " .
Alex Tyus belongs to the club , Pallacanestro Cantu , in the Lega Basket Serie A league .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta and the leader of the country is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Agnes Kant , born in Hessisch Oldendorf and resident of Doesburg , studied at the Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as a Parliamentary group leader .
Greenville , Wisconsin , is part of Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin .
Alan B . Miller Hall which is located at 101 Ukrop Way was inagurated on 2009 - 10 - 02 .
The Adolfo Suarez madrid - Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama and its runway length is 3500 .
The solo singer Alan Frews was born in the United Kingdom .
The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java . Singapore ' s leader is Halimah Yacob . Ayam penyet is a dish from Java , Singapore .
The city of Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California .
Aleksandre Guruli , who plays for FC Dila Gori , played for the Olympique Lyonnais club , the home ground of which , is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Asam pedas can be found in the country of Malaysia who has a leader called Najib Razak .
Indian people are from India .
Anders Osborne has worked with Theresa Andersson and Tab Benoit .
The city of Austin , Texas USA , ( where African Americans are an ethnic group ) , is led by the city manager .
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airport . The airport is operated by the Indian air force who use the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
Alfred N Phillips retired on the date 1939 - 01 - 03 .
An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is brown sauce and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
ENAIRE are the operators of Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport which is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The airport lies 610 metres above sea level , with a runway named 18L / 36R , which has a length of 3500 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level . it serves the city of Amsterdam with a runway length and runway name of 2014 . 0 meters and 18R / 36L Polderbaan respectively .
A . C . Lumezzane has 4150 members and will play in Lega Pro . Lumezzane played in Lega Pro : 2014 .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s nickname is Asa Gigante , and has 17000 members .
173 . 0 kelvins is the temperature of 101 Helena .
Angola International airport is 159 metres above sea level .
Coming from Newmarket , Ontario , in Canada , Alan Frew plays with Glass Tiger .
Alison O ' Donnell is an artist for the band Mellow Candle .
The A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and it ' s campus can be found in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
" Mark Desmond " , also known as Blockbuster , is a comic character created by Roger Stern and Carmine Infantino .
Ace Wilder was born in 1982 .
Alan Frew makes his living with public speaking .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Al - Zawra ' a SC .
Washington DC is the capital of the English speaking country of the United States . The country is the location of Amarillo , part of Potter County in Texas .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . There you can find the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft fighter and the Lockheed AC - 130 . The USAF fought in the 1986 bombing of Libya .
Auburn , Lee County , Alabama is part of the United States , which has its capital as Washington , DC and is home to Native Americans .
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter of the Indian Air Force .
Akeem Priestley is in the Jackson Dolphins club and plays for the Orange County Blues FC who are managed by Oliver Wyss .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the largest city is New York City . Atlantic City is part of New Jersey ( capital Trenton ) in the US .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Trans . Inf . Syst and is part of the academic discipline of computer science .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
Dead Man ' s Plack in England is made of rock and dedicated to Ethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Abner plays for Coritiba Football Club and has played for the Brazil under 20 team .
Discovered by A Storrs , 107 Camilla , has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , and the periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Italy ' s leader is Pietro Grasso .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ( born in Kingdom of Sarawak ) lives in Sarawak and is a member of the " Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak " party . His successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States , and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall .
Alison O ' Donnell plays folk rock and is signed to Deram Records and Floating World Records . Deram Records is in London .
The people of the United States , from where ALV X - 1 hails , are called Americans . The title of the leader of United States is The President of the United States , Washington D . C . is its capital city and Asian Americans one of its ethnic groups .
A loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press which is based in the United States .
California , where you can sometimes hear Chinese being spoken , is home to Anaheim , which is led by the California State Senate - located in the California State Capitol .
England is the home of the Cornish language , many ethnic groups including the British Arabs and the established religion of The Church of England . It is also the location of Dead Mans Plack , a stone formation dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
The city of Ann Arbor , Michigan , where the leader has the title of Mayor , has a population density of 1580 . 7 people for each of its 74 . 33 square kilometres .
The comic book character Aurakles ( alternative name Aurakles ) was created by Dick Dillin from the United States .
Frederick city in Frederick County , Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the United States .
T S Thakur is the leader of India ; also the location of Amdavad ni Gufa .
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team . He died in Russia , a country whose leader is Vladimir Putin . FC Torpedo Moscow are managed by Valery Petrakov .
Bacon Explosion comes from the U . S . whose leader is the President . Another leader in the U . S . is Paul Ryan . The capital of that country is Washington , D . C . and White Americans are an ethnic group there .
The Atlas II is from the US , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington DC .
The Alhambra had a Geared steam engine Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes 140hp and a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres .
The Mayor leads Antioch , which is part of Contra Costa County in California which in turn is part of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Addiction Journal , abbreviated " Addiction " , about addiction , has an ISSN number 0965 - 2140 and LCCn number 93645978 .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport which is in India is VIAG .
Agnes Ward White was married t Albert B . White who was born in Cleveland and retired on March 4th 1905 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid , in Spain . the airport has an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 3500 .
Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , which publishes the AIDS Journal in the United Kingdom .
A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans . It was published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Rubin Kazan but he used to play for the FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team , whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena .
Benito Mussolini was a commander in World War II .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and plays for A . S . D . Licata 1931 .
Acharya Institute of Technology has an outlook ranking of 63 .
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works are the operators of Antwerp International Airport , which has a runway length of 1510 . 0 .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which has origins in New wave music . It also has its stylistic origins in Punk rock . Alternative rock has the sub genre Christian alternative rock .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is leader , African American ' s comprise one of the ethnic groups and similar to English speaking Great Britain , English is the language of the United States .
Bolt is a comic character created by Paris Cullins and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon .
Aleksandra Kovač is an artist for the band K2 .
Alfred N Phillips , who retired 1939 - 01 - 03 , served in the United States , Army . The United States Army has battled in the Invasion of Grenada .
Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis , Indiana and performs in the music genre Indie rock .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada .
Orbital ATK built the Antares rocket which has a diametre of 3 . 9 metres and was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . Its maiden flight was on the 28th October , 2014 and its final flight on July 13th , 2014 .
The United States are led by the President of the United States . The US capital is Washington D . C . and it ' s national anthem is Star Spangled Banner . It is where the ALV X - 1 hails from and is home to Asian Americans , as well as other ethnic groups .
Airey Neave , served in the Royal Artillery Unit , and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order .
A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " and has 388 pages .
African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where you can find Auburn , Washington .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where there is an ethnic group of Chinese people .
Al Anderson , the singer from the band NRBQ , once played with The Wildweeds . NRBQ are exponents of country music .
AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " , its ground can be found in the county of Lancashire and it has 3180 members .
John van den Brom plays in İstanbulspor A . Ş . He manages the İstanbulspor A . Ş .
The Delta II was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base . It is similar to the Antares rocket and is from the United States .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand , the airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which has an aircraft - capable helicopter known as the " HAL Light Combat Helicopter " and a " Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III " as a transport aircraft .
Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County , Texas .
Born in Miri , Malaysia , Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Kuching .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and is signed with the record label Deram Records . Funk is a derivative of Jazz .
Akeem Ayers was in draft round 2 .
Donald J . Irwin was succeeded by Abner W . Sibal who worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Appleton , Wisconsin is a city in the United States served by Appleton International Airport . The airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Dale and Ellington .
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba and his club is Anyang Halla .
1089 Tama , previously known as " A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; " , has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 , an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
Augustus Pugin born in Bloomsbury , is the creator of Adare Manor .
Allen Forrest is a hip hop artist with The Black Eyed Peas . Hip Hop has its origins in Disco and Funk also gives drum and bass its sounds .
Egg Harbor Township is located in New Jersey , in the United States .
Native Americans , Angola , Pleasant Township , Steuben County , and english can all be found in the United States .
Ab Klink , who worked at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in the Netherlands , studied at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam , which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is in England , a country which includes the ethnic group of British Arabs , and has Cornish as one of its languages .
Paul Ryan is a leader in the US , and the capital of the US is Washington D . C . White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the US . The US is also the country of the Bacon Explosion .
Alex Plante was born 1989 , in Manitoba and is 1 . 9304 m . tall . He played for club , Anyang Halla .
Musician , Aaron Deer plays the guitar .
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of rhythm and blues and a solo singer .
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II , which is from the United States . United Launch Alliance is the manufacturer of Delta II .
10 Hygiea , which was discovered by Annibale de Gaspar , has an average speed of 16 . 76 kmps and an epoch date of 27th June 2015 . The periapsis of 10 Hygiea has a measurement of 416136000000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
The asteroid called ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert made with ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . It can be served at any temperature .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and is dead , was a test pilot . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference .
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages , can be found in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 .
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and launched from the Guiana Space Centre , taking its final flight on 2004 - 12 - 18 .
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula , Malaysia . The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah ; Malay and Malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in Malaysia .
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York , where 250 Delaware Avenue is located .
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party , whose colour is blue .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , southwest of Mols , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussels . The country ' s leader is named Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Drake Stevens is known as the comic character Airman , which was created by Harry Sahle .
The 1955 Dodge the DeSoto Custom and Chrysler Newport are related means of transportation . The key person of Dodge is Sergio Marchionne .
The footballer Abner has represented the Brazil national under 20 team and plays for Real Madrid Castilla .
The Atlas II ( from the United States ) was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
Desteapta te , romane is the Romanan anthem .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba , Romania . Its Latun name is " Universitas Apulensis " and its nickname is " Uab " . Its rectore is Breaz Valer Daniel .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences which serves Poland .
Arros negre comes from Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic group . The leader of the country , where the spoken language is Spanish , is Felipe VI of Spain .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves New York and is headquartered at the Four World Trade Center .
Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeler , Texas , graduated from the University of Texas with a B . S . in 1955 and in 1963 NASA picked him as part of the Apollo 12 space program .
The architect of 300 North LaSalle is Pickard Chilton .
Aaron Deer is a singer , whose musical genre is indie rock . The guitar is an instrument used in Indie rock which has its stylistic origins in Garage rock and new wave music .
Tom Tait is a leader in Anaheim , California , which is governed by the California State Assembly , located at the California State Capitol . English is a language spoken in California .
Abilene ( Texas ) has a total area of 286 . 5 square kilometres .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the American Civil War . He was given the Purple Heart .
Angola , Indiana , is part of Steuben County .
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade , the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed . Baade was born in Preubisch Oldendorf , graduated from the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany .
Adam Maher ' s clubs are PSV Eindhoven where the manager is Phillip Cocu , and AZ Alkmaar who play their home games at the AFAS Stadion .
William Anders was from the United STates .
Indonesia commonly serves Arem - arem and its currency is the Indonesian Rupiah .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore , whose leaders include Tony Tan , and is also made in Indonesia .
Arros negre includes squid among its ingredients and comes from the region of the Valencian Community .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish Bakso which is from Indonesia .
Born in Chicago , Casey Ribicoff was Abraham A . Ribcoff ' s wife . American Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York City , in the United States . where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . He wrote 1634 : The Bavarian crisis ( the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes ) . The book was also preceded by the DeMarce short stories in The Grantville Gazettes .
United States born Abraham A Ribicoff was married to Casey Ribicoff . The U . S . is home to Native Americans .
John van den Brom was previously the manager at AZ Alkmaar . He plays for AFC Ajax , ADO Den Haag and Vitesse Arnhem .
Stuart Parker is a footballer in the A . F . C Blackpool club .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken .
Ska punk has its origins in Ska .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin .
The city of Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States where English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Footballer , Alan Martin , plays for the club , Crewe Alexandra F . C . which is managed by footballer , Steve Davis . Alan Martin used to play for Accrington Stanley F . C . which played in Accrington .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia and the state ' s capital is Atlanta .
Alberto Teisaire , a member of the Justicialist Party , held office while Juan Perón was President and while Hortensio Quijano was Governor .
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0 . 02 km per sec and its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 km .
Akron , Ohio , is located in the English speaking , United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The European Space Agency manufactured the Ariane 5 , which was launched at the ELA - 3 .
Alexis Tsipras heads Greece where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is also a leader . Athens is the capital of Greece and the currency is the Euro . A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece .
Led by a mayor , Ann Arbor ( Michigan ) , has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres , a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per sq km , and the area code 734 .
Al Anderson of NRBQ plays country music .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and it contains fried chicken . The dish comes from Malaysia , where Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader , and is written in English . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
The printed copy of A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages , an OCLC number of 76798317 and an ISBN number of - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
The ELA - 3 launchpad is the launch site of the Ariane and the Ariane 5 is made by the European Space Agency . The maiden voyage of the Ariane 5 rocket was the 9th March 2008 and the rocket is 5 . 4 m in diameter . Dec . 18 , 2009 was its last flight .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York .
The leader of Argentina is Mauricio Macri .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC . Akron is located within the country in Summit County , Ohio .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the state of Pennsylvania .
James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin , discovered 103 Hera .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Michele Marcolini is attached to the club AC Lumezzane .
Maine born Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and his club is called Sparta Prague .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) , has the ISSN number " 1732 - 2421 " .
1 FC Köln played in the 2014 season .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine in the city of Friedrichshafen , Germany .
Adam Holloway , a U . K . national , was born in Faversham , and is a member of the Tories .
From the United States , A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
The singer Andra is a solo singer .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 . It is affiliated to the European University Association , which has its headquarters in Brussels . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Albert B . White , born in Cleveland , was a member of the Republican Party of the United States . His wife was Agnes Ward White . His career ended on March 4th 1905 having been succeeded by William M . O . Dawson .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa , who plays at the Inter Milan club .
There is a total area of 1 . 7 square kilometres of water in Auburn , Alabama .
Amharic is the language of Ethiopia .
The Alhambra , having a Deptford based Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine , was 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
Gerd von Rundstedt was a commander in the Battle of France which Airey Neave was involved in . Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit which has a garrison in Hohne .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg , which fought during the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War .
109 Felicitas , which has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
Ayam Penyet includes fried chicken and is found in Malaysia , Singapore and is nationwide .
Atlas II has a diameter of 3 . 04m and originated from the U . S . The Atlas II was launched from both Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . Its final flight took place on the 5th December , 2002 .
Al Asad Airbase ( located in Iraq ) is operated by the United States Air Force . The length of the 08 / 26 runway is 3 , 992 . 88 .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas in the U . S .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Iraq is the birth place of Alaa Abdul Zahra .
Alberto Teisaire was a member of the Justicialist Party and died in Beunos Aires which is led by Horacio Rodriguez Larreta . Teisaire was in office during the Presidency of Juan Peron who was married to Eva Peron .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas in the United States .
The Monocacy National Battlefield is in the county Frederick , Maryland .
Jens Hartel plays for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig and for SV Babelsberg 03 . He is a member of the FSV Zwickau club and the manager of FC MAgdeburg .
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who became active in the year 2000 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . He received an MS from AFIT in 1962 and joined NASA in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo . He retired in 1969 .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and came under the influence of Robert A Heinlein . He is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . Also preceding the book are the DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes .
Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , United States , which is the location of 300 North LaSalle .
Tom Lyle and Roger Stern created the comic character Blockbuster who has the alternative name of Mark Desmond .
John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A . Ş .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is led by Nikos Voutsis and uses the Greek language .
Angola is a city in Indiana in the U . S . Americans occupy the U . S . where English is the language spoken . One ethnic group in that country are African Americans .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow , Russia and has played for FC Torpedo Moscow .
Gene Colan is an American .
Assembled in Brussels , Belgium , the Audi A1 is a hatchback which has a 1 . 2 litre engine .
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte which is where Agnes Kant is from . She worked at the Socialist Party , whose leader is Emile Roemer .
United States test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . In 1955 , he graduated from UT Austin with a B . S . Chosen by NASA in 1963 , he managed a total space time of 100305 . 0 minutes .
Alan Bean joined NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 12 along with Alfred Worden and David Scott .
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , KY and raised in Dothan , AL .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia ( part of Alba County ) , Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis . Ethnically the country is largely Germanic .
1097 Vicia has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport is 3800 . 0 metres .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , which is led by the President , and includes African Americans as one of its ethnic groups .
Homer Elihu Royce was preceded by Alvah Sabin , who was born in Georgia Vermont and worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont . Alvah Sabin represented Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois .
December 16 , 2004 was the launch date for the A - Rosa Luna ship .
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full size class car with an engine capable of producing 31 . 48 tax horsepower and an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania and was completed in 2000 . It is categorized as a Contributing Property .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and John Roberts is a leader .
The Al Wakrah Sport Club is in the Qatar Stars League .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco , including the Asilomar State Beach and Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York , which is part of Harrietstown , New York , United States .
John Clancy is a labor politican who leads Birmingham , where architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row , was born .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 . 0 above sea level . It serves Andrews in Texas and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 and the runway is named 16 / 34 .
Cleveland City Council governs Cleveland in the United States where 200 Public Square is located .
The Swiss Psalm is the national anthem of Switzerland which is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio .
The Atlas II originated from the United States , where the leader is the President of the United States .
To the northeast of Karnataka is Telagana .
The periapsis of 101 Helena , which has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 , is 331683000 . 0 km .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , who battled in the Invasion of Grenada . Some of their planes include : The Lockheed AC - 130 which is an attack aircraft , the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III , a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F - 16 Falcon , which is a fighter plane .
Aaron Turner is a singer who played with the Twilight band . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is their musical genre .
Al Anderson is playing with NRBQ and previously was a member of The Wildweeds . Their genre is country music which uses banjo as an instrument .
Albennie Jones , born in Errata , Mississippi , is a rhythm and blues musician with a background as a solo singer . Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and was derived into disco .
David Weber is the author of 1634 : The Baltic War .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who also plays for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Babelsberg 03 .
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay , where the leader Juan Afara . He died in Asuncion , Gran Asunción .
Alison O ' Donnell is a folk rock musician signed to Deram Records .
101 Helena has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetres and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the United States at the Monocacy National Battlefield .
Alan Bean , hired by NASA in 1963 , spent over 69 days in space .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996 and has 100 academic staff .
Alan B . Miller Hall , located in The United States in Virginia , includes current tenant The Mason School of Business .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , in Akita , Akita , Japan , a country with the ethnic group the Brazilians .
Elliot See is originally from Dallas and joined NASA in 1962 where he flew as a test pilot . Elliot See died in St . Louis .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , in India , whose leader is Narendra Modi .
Rhythm and blues solo singer Aleksandra Kovac became active in 1990 . He ' s associated with fellow musical artists Kristina Kovač and Kornelije Kovac .
The Antwerp International Airport , which is 12 metres above sea level , is operated by the Flemish Government .
Solo singer Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi in 1914 . She also plays the blues .
Disco derives from rhythm and blues .
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level , and has a runway that is 2989 . 0 metres long .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and became a test pilot . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission .
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown in 1986 . His height is 1 . 9558 meters .
The Javanese cuisine dish of arem - arem originates from Indonesia and has the banana leaf as one it ' s ingredients .
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms , an escape velocity of 0 . 02 k . p . s and its epoch date was on December 31st 2006 . It has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 .
The Atlas II was launched at the launched Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . It had its final flight on March 16th 1998 and was 3 . 04 in diameter .
Asam pedas is a dish found in Malaysia . where the leader is Arifin Zakaria .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , Denmark , and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . Aarhus is ruled by a magistrate government , and is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen . The religion is the Church of Denmark .
Adonis Georgiadis worked for the Ministry of Economy , Development and Tourism in Greece .
Austin , Texas has a total area of 703 . 95 square kilometres .
Addiction ( journal ) , or just Addiction , has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 and the LCCN number 93645978 .
Chicago born Casey Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A Ribicoff , who was from the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
James Craig Watson was a canadian who discovered 103 Hera . It has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . He died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India , 560090 . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and is produced in print . The book has an OCLC number of 78771100 and the ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City . They were constructed in 1904 and are in the architectural sytle of Romanesque Revival architecture . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
The ALV X - 1 rocket has 2 stages , a diameter of 1 . 524 metres , and was launched at the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The Antares rocket was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport and made its final voyage on September 18 , 2013 .
William Anders , a fighter pilot from British Hong Kong , retired on September 1 , 1969 .
Nigerian Army man Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President .
08 / 26 is the runway name of the Al Asad Airbase .
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is Warton Fylde .
Agra Airport , operated by the Indian Air Force , is in India . Two of the leaders of which are T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi . The Indain Air Force uses the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III as their transport aircaft .
American Buzz Aldrin was part of Apollo 11 along with William Anders as chosen by NASA .
Alberto Teisaire was born in 1891 - 05 - 20 .
San Francisco born Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and also designed other significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building .
Augustus Pugin is the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is located in Adare in County Limerick .
The construction of 250 Delaware Avenue , which has 12 floors , began in January 2014 .
Auburn is in King County Washington where the capital is Olympia . Washington is in the US , whose largest city is New York City .
Alfred Moore Scales , from the U . S . fought in the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War conflict where Jefferson Davis was a commander . African Americans are an ethnic group from the United States .
Rolando Maran is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D . club .
Frank de Boer played for the Netherlands national football team and manages the AFC Ajax team .
The capital of Berlin is Germany .
The AIDAluna is 252m long and has a Caterpillar Inc . engine .
Angola is part of the state of Indiana , U . S . African Americans are one ethnic group in the U . S . where English is the spoken language . Americans live in that country .
Pakistan is led by Nawaz Sharif . Punjab , a major region , contains Allama Iqbal International Airport within the city of Lahore .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae . Poacea , in the class Monocotyledon , belongs to the division of flowering plants . It is in the order Poales and belongs to the order of Commelinids .
Andrew White is a musician that has a background with a non vocal instrument .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield and was established on 11th July 1907 .
Pakora can be varied by using paneer .
AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor .
The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Carmine Infantino .
Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and it was founded by August Horch . Audi e - tron is a division of Audi and the Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary .
Barny Cakes originated in France , where French is a spoken language .
" 1999 SN5 " was the former name of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol . He later died in Austria where Doris Bures is a leader and the language spoken is Austrian German .
The Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The country ' s leader is T . S . Thakur and Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka .
The Atlas II originated from the United States , where African Americans , are one of the ethnic groups .
AEK Athens F . C . manager is Gus Poyet .
Turkmenistan Airlines , which has headquarters in Ashgabat , operates Ashgabat International Airport .
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under - 20 football team .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian , who studied at the University of Michigan . He died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Johnny Sansone but he has also worked with Tab Benoit .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and has a runway length of 1800 . 0 with the name 11 / 29 .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD , discovered by Spacewatch , has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 . It has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometers .
Agnes Kant , born in West Germany , worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for the Soviet Union national football team and FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov .
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire . He was selected to serve with NASA in 1959 and died in California .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and an escape velocity of 0 . It has a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km .
1001 Gaussia , has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres , and its epoch is on 31 July 2016 .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , U . S . where Spanish is spoken . The capital of the United States is Washington DC .
Andrew Raye , whose musical genre is Trance , is associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi and musician Jwaydan Moyine .
Vermont ' s largest city is Burlington , Vermont .
The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java where the dish Ayam penyet is found . It originates from the region of Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken .
Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League in the 2014 - 15 season . Their full name is Association Football Club Blackpool , their home ground is Jepson Way and they have 1500 members .
Atlas II originates from the United States where the leader has the title of President . The country ' s people are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans .
The capitol of Texas ( United States ) is Austin but the largest city is Houston . The Andrews County Airport is also in Texas . The people who live there have the demonym of Tejano .
Alfred N . Phillips worked at the United States House of Representatives .
Nu metal is a fusion genre of alternative rock which originated from punk rock . Andrew White plays alternative rock which has origins in New wave music .
Sycamore is located in DeKalb County , Illinois .
Abner was born on 30 May 1996 and plays for the Coritiba Fooball club and the Brazil national under 17 team .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh .
The capital of Indonesia , which has Jusuf Kalla as its leader is Jakarta . A traditional dish of the country is basko which is also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries .
Narendra Modi is a leader in India .
The A . S . Gubbio 1910 football club play in Serie D whose champions include S S Robur Siena .
With a mass of 2 . 7kg and an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 km per sec , 1099 Figneria has an epoch date of 31 . 12 . 2006 . The apoapsis measurement is 605718000 kilometres and the orbital period 179942000 . 0 .
Andrew White , who started his musical career in 2003 , plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow .
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the Acehnese and Malays are ethnic groups . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra in Indonesia .
AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members . Their full name is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs .
Leader , Joe Biden , and Buzz Aldrin are both American .
John Coper Powys wrote the novel Owen Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance .
The printed book , Above the Veil , contains 248 pages and was written by Garth Nix .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is in the United States , where Barack Obama is a leader , and where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Atlantic City , is a part of New Jersey , the largest city of which , is Newark . Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States , where the capital is Washington D . C . , and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of Atlantic City International Airport is 23 . 0 .
The AMC Matador is a station wagon , has a AMC V8 engine , and is a Full - size car . It is assembled in Thames , New Zealand and is alternatively known as the American Motors Matador .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India has 250 academic staff . The Ganges is a river in India .
Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia which has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and an orbital period of 5 . 75 days . It has an absolute magnitude of 9 . 7 and a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kms .
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located .
Ann Arbor , United States is in Michigan which has the capital of Lansing .
AFC Blackpool has the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " . They have 1500 members and their grounds are Jepson Way .
The American Submarine NR - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m , a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . It was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on January 25th 1969 .
Alan B . Miller Hall , which is owned by The College of William and Mary , is situated in Virginia and was designed by Robert A . M . Stern .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , Greece . Two leaders there are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos . Greek is the language of Greece .
The luxury vehicle Acura TLX is assembled in Marysville , Ohio . It has both front - wheel and all - wheel drive , and features a Honda K engine and a 9 - speed ZF 9HP automatic ( V6 ) transmission .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , the leader of which , is Diego Santilli . Spanish is the language of Argentina , where Alberto Teisaire is from .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and his club is Central FC . Ferencvarosi TC has Gabor Kubatov as a chairman and Thomas Doll as a manager .
The population density of the city , Auburn in Alabama is 368 . 65 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Gregory L . Fenves is appointed president on the University of Texas at Austin who Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) attended as a student . On that time , University of Texas is affiliated to the system and compete in the Big 12 Conference . The Hook ` em is the mascot of University of Texas as Austin .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is published in English , which is spoken in Great Britain . One of the ethnic groups in the US are the African Americans .
The Acura TLX is a mid - size car .
The American Journal of Mathematics has the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math . and the ISSN number of 0002 - 9327 .
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer .
Fighter pilot William Anders was picked by NASA in 1963 to join the Apollo 8 space mission . Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and he retired September 1st , 1969 .
The alma mater of Adonis Georgiadis was the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce , which can be found in Italy .
Elliot See was born an American in Dallas , Texas . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of of Texas system . The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . See died in St . Louis .
Adare Manor , designed by Lewis Cottingham , was completed in 1862 .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania has a Prime Minister as its leader , and its capital is Bucharest .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport . The Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8 and is assembled in the U . K . where the ruler is Queen Elizabeth II .
In the class Monocotyledon , and belonging to the order Poales is Poaceae which is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Americans and African Americans are people of the United States . The location of Akron , Summit County , Ohio is also in the U . S . which boasts its capital as Washington , DC .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres and a rotation period of 11473 . 9 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907 - 07 - 11 ) is located in the United States , where it belongs to the category of Historic districts .
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office at the same time that Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Oladipo Diya succeeded Mr . Akhigbe and Al - Amin Daggash was Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s succcessor .
Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion which originates from the United States .
Located in Washington D . C . , the United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California .
Aleksandra Kovač ' s musical genre is Pop .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi and Mark Sima .
The bacon explosion is from the Kansas city metropolitan area of the United States . The main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
The total area of Atlanta is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore ; led by Halimah Yacob and is Standard Chinese speaking . It is also found in Java , home to the ethnic Baduy .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall , that is situated in Virginia and built in the Georgian architecture style .
Born in New Hampshire , test pilot Alan Shepard served as a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 until he retired 1974 - 08 - 01 .
Alan Frew comes from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada . He was born in 1956 and he is a solo singer .
Born in Miri , Malaysia , Abdul Taid Mahmud , is a member of Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak party .
Joe Biden served as United State ' s vice president .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , in the country of Sri Lanka , where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka , and the Tamil language is spoken by inhabitants .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Airey Neave fought in World War II , where Benito Mussolini was a leader and South East Asia was a theatre of war .
The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania .
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Belgrade .
" A Wizard of Mars " was published in the United States , where the official language is English .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the English language is used and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
Anaheim , California ' s leader is Tom Tait and it is led by the California State Assembly located in the California State Capitol . The English language is spoken in the state .
The Aston Martin Virage , which succeeded the Aston Martin V8 , and the Aston Martin DBS are related types of transportation . The Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was manufactured by Aston Martin .
Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo , Angola and is 159 metres above sea level .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 , which was organized by NASA . William Anders was a back up pilot on the Apollo 11 mission .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . Burlington is Vermont ' s largest city .
Frank Borman was an Apollo 8 Commander .
Abel Hernández played for the Uruguay national under - 20 football team .
Greenville , is in Grand Chute , Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin , United States and is the location of Appletone International Airport which serves the city of Appleton .
Aleksandr Prydnikov is in the FC Terek Grozny club which has a ground located in Grozny and is managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . He was a test pilot . He died in St . Louis on the 28th February 1966 .
Arianespace , in Courcouronnes , operates ELA - 3 . Ariane was launched at the ELA - 3 launchpad .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups , is Asian Americans .
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959 .
The dish shumai or batagor are the same , a variation of shumai is siomay which contains peanut sauce .
AC Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro league .
The rotation period for 29075 1950 DA is 7637 . 76 .
Aleksandra Kovač genre of music is Funk .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair .
Elliot See was born in Dallas in 1927 . He was a student of the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis .
The address of Akita Museum of Art is " 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori " .
Alan Shepard died in California , which has as its gemstone , Benitoite .
Born on January 1st 1989 , the footballer Alan Martin ' s former clubs include Ayr United FC and Accrington Stanley FC .
Rafael Viñoly designed 20 Fenchurch Street .
1099 Figneria , has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 kilometres . With a periapsis of 349206000000 . 0 , 1099 Figneria , has the epoch date , 31 December 2006 .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is from Argentina , whose leader is Mauricio Macri .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for the Los Angeles Rams .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the national anthem is the Swiss Psalm . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio based in Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality to Meride .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region and part of the Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients of the food are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
White Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where the largest city is New York City and the capital is Washington , D . C . Atlantic City , New Jersey is in Atlantic County , New Jersey which is found in the United States .
The dark asteroid 1000 Piazzia was formerly known as 1967 ED . It has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . Its epoch is 27th June 2015 .
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India has 250 academic staff . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest . The Ganges is a river in India .
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , and cubanelle peppers . It is a traditional dish from Spain and cones from the region of the Valencian community .
Khadija Arib is the leader of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands and Agnes Kant worked there .
Sergio Marchionne was the key person of the Dodge .
Soul musician Aleksandra Kovač has previously worked with the musical artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač .
Aaron Hunt belongs to VfL Wolfsburg ( in the Bundesliga ) and plays for , Dieter Hecking managed , SV Werder Bremen II .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greece . Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . The demonym of the inhabitants of Greece is Greeks .
The AZAL arena is in Azerbaijan .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow .
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musician Kristina Kovač .
Ayam penet is popular in Malaysia and also found in Java .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 and his alma mater was UT Austin BS , in 1955 .
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm .
Albert B . White ' s successor was William M . O . Dawson , who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Aleksander Barkov , Jr . was born in 1995 .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International , the company that is located in Bethesda , Maryland .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 .
The comic character Dane Whitman Black Knight is also known as simply Dane Whitman .
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia , which has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 , is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
Alison O ' Donnell , who is signed to the Osmosys Records label , was once signed toLondon based , Deram Records . Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music , which funk derives from .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which is full of italians and led by Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella .
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA and is 210 metres above sea level .
Association for Computing Machinery is the publisher of ACM Transactions on information Systems .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey where the largest city is Newark . New Jersey is in the US where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
In Italy , the citizens are called Italians and the capital city is Rome . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso . A . C . Lumezzane play in this country .
Ace Wilder ' s musical genre is Hip Hop , which has its origins in disco and funk . Gangsta rap is a sub genre of hip hop .
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in the genre Psychedelia .
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the Ampara Hospital is located .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where the language is English .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
AGM - 88 HARM is produced by Alliant Techsystems .
Sadique Abubakar was commander of the Nigerian Air Force , of which , Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member . Succeeded by Al - Amin Daggash , Abdulsalami Abubakar , was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President .
Angola , Indiana is part of Steuben County , Indiana .
Agustin Barboza was Paraguay and died in Asuncion which is part of Gran Asunción .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . Bakewell tart is a variation of the dessert and one of its ingredients is frangipane .
Bandeja Paisa is part of the Colombian cuisine from the region of the Antioquia department . Lemon belongs to the genus citrus and Rutceae family and is an ingredient of the Bandeja Paisa .
Angola , Indiana , is part of Steuben County in the U . S . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States , and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britain . The US includes many Native Americans , and its capital city is Washington D . C .
Arròs negre originates from the Valencian Community in Spain and includes the ingredients white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is an exponent of Taquirari .
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department of Colombia and contains the ingredient Chicharron .
Al Anderson , a singer for the rock music band NRBQ , was a member of The Wildweeds .
Located in Washington D . C . , the United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , which is part of California .
Anders Osborne ’ s musical genre is rock music and his record label is Alligator Records which is based in Chicago . He was also signed to the Shanachie Records label .
Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales .
Buzz Aldrin ' s real name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . and he won the Legion of Merit ribbon .
The book " A Long , Long Way , " which was followed by " The Secret Scripture , " is published by Viking Press .
Trance music originated from house music .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office , and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pas 0 . The 3 . 9m rocket made its maiden flight on the 9th of January , 2014 , and made its final flight on the 13th of July , 2014 .
Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon created the comic character Bolt .
Albert B . White was married to Marietta , Cleveland , Ohio born Agnes Ward White . William M . O . Dawson , who succeeded White , died in Charleston , West Virginia .
With a density of 3 . 5 kgs , ( 29075 ) 1950 DA , was discovered by Carl A Wirtanen . The orbital period of ( 29075 ) 1950 DA is 69862200 . 0 , and it has a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Franklin County to its west , Carroll County Maryland to its southeast , and Cumberland County Pennsylvania to its north .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
The Alhambra , which was wrecked , had a ship beam of 8 . 3 metres , a top speed of 18 . 52 and was 63800 . 0 millimetres in length .
Arròs negre comes from the Valencian Community region of Spain , the country where Felipe VI is the leader and Spaniards are the ethnic group .
Dane Whitman , aka Black Night was created by John Buscema and Roy Thomas .
Adisham Hall is situated in Haputale in Sri Lanka . Sri Lanka ' s leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the language spoken is Tamil .
Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War , the conflict which included the Battle of Chancellorsville . Alfred Moore Scales , who started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 , fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc , based in Peoria , Illinois . The key person of Caterpillar Inc . is Douglas R . Oberhelman .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand .
Paul Ryan is a leader in the US , where Washington DC is the capital . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Bacon Explosion also comes from the US .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and is a two door coupe . It ' s production started in 1958 .
The fourth runway at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam is made of asphalt .
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce , it comes from the Solanaceae family of plants and belongs to the genus Solanum and the order Solanales .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled in Italy , and the Saab 9000 are similar means of transport .
Aaron Turner ' s musical genre is Sludge metal .
NASA operated the Apollo 8 , which had Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot . Frank Borman served as a crew member along with William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong .
200 Public Square in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States was designed by the architectural firm HOK .
Alex Day , whose musical genre is Electronic music , plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell .
Solo rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia in 1972 .
AS Roma , in the Serie A league , has its grounds in Stadio Olimpico .
Aaron Deer comes from Indiana .
An Klink was born in Stellendam and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam .
The Turkish leader ( official title President of Turkey ) is Ahmet Davutoglu . Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir and it was inaugurated on 27th of July , 1932 . Turkey ' s largest City is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois and the language of the area is the English .
Adam Maher is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club whose ground is AFAS Stadion .
108 St Georges Terrace which has 50 floors , was completed in 1988 at a cost of 120 million Australian dollars .
The state of Karnataka is located to the southwest of Telangana , and east of the Arabian Sea . Located in the city of Bangalore in Karnataka is the Acharya Institute of Technology , which was granted the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , located in Mumbai . The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the fullname of A . S . Livorno Calcio . They have 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom whose leader is Elizabeth II and whose natives are called British people .
Adam Maher , whose club is AZ Alkmaar , played for the Netherlands national under - 17 football team . The current club he plays for is PSV Eindhoven , managed by , Phillip Cocu .
The book Aenir is available in paperback .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , headquartered in New York , is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport .
Rock musician Anders Osborne has performed with various bands , including Galactic , Tab Benoit and Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
A key person at the BBC is Tony Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead .
Arrow , otherwise known as Ralph Payne , was created by Paul Gustavson .
The epoch date for 110 Lydia is December 31 , 2006 and has an escape velocity of . 0455 km per sec . The orbital period is 142603000 . 0 and periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 .
The ISBN number of Above the Veil is 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 and it is available in hardcover with the book being written by Garth Nix .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Andrew Rayel plays Trance music and is associated with musicians , Jwayden Moyine and Christian Burns . Trance music gets its origins from pop music .
AFC Fylde ' s ground is located in Warton , Fylde and they have 3180 members .
Stuart Parker is a member of the Chesterfield football club as well as a player for Stockport County F . C . and also managers the A . F . C . Blackpool organization .
Akeem Ayers , who was number 39 in the draft pick , used to play for the New England Patriots but currently plays for Los Angela Rams .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Tyrol and died in Graz in Styria . He was a politician from the Austrian People ' s Party .
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dales . The short crust pastry bakewall pudding tart is popular in this area .
Atlantic City International Airport , which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 is located in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey in the United States .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the U . S . and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
The Ariane 5 is 5 . 4m wide and has had 2 partial failures .
A Severed Wasp was published in hardback and has 388 pages .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which is a hardcover book . It has 512 pages and the ISBN number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League is Qarabag FK . AZAL PFK , who also play in the league , have their home ground at the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
The location of Afonso Pena International airport which serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero is Sao Jose dos Pinhais in the south region of Brazil .
Pierce County is the largest city in Tacoma , Washington .
The comic character auron was created by Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson .
Alex Day , whose genre is Synthpop , plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell .
The Antares rocket was manufactured by Orbital ATK and launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It is comparable to the Delta II which originates from the United States and launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences and its title is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . It has an LCCN number of 60040714 and its CODEN code is APGPAC .
Alexandria can be found in the state of Indiana in the United States .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria , and his successor was Olusegun Obasanjo .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works , has 12 cylinders , a V12 engine and 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . The airport is 210 metres above sea level and is 2744 metres in length .
Albert Jennings Fountain , born in Staten Island , United States and died 02 / 01 / 1896 , in Dona Ana County , New Mexico Territory .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on 23rd Street , Manhattan .
Marriot International , helped by Bill Marriott , is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark .
Joseph Stalin was a commander in , and Adam Koc was involved in battles , in the Polish – Soviet War , part of the Russian Civil War military conflict .
Abraham A Ribicoff , who died in the US , was a US national and was born in Connecticut . He was a member of the Democratic Party and worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is followed by Ring of Fire II .
Bacon is the main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which also has sausage in it . It comes from the U . S .
The celestial body known as ( 15788 ) 1993 SB was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory on 6 March 2006 . It has an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 .
Walter Baade ' s alma mater was the University of Gottingen .
AZ Alkmaar , which has 17023 members , played in the Eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
Musician , Aaron Deer , plays the guitar and is a performer of the music genre Indie rock . Indie rock has its stylistic origins in both Garage rock and New wave music .
Texas is located in the United States but the capital is Washington , D . C . Abilene is a part of Texas but the largest city is Houston and one of the languages spoken there is Spanish .
Elliot See graduated from University of Texas at Austin , and died in St . Louis . Francis G . Slay of St . Louis competed in the Big 12 Conference at University of Texas at Austin .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the national anthem is called " O Canada " .
The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress in The United States , where they speak English . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California , along with Tom Tait .
Aaron Boogaard , who is 1 . 905 m in height and played for the club Wichita Thunder , was born in Saskatchewan in 1986 .
Austin is the capital of Texas .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S where the title of the leader is President .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , the country where the Amharic language is used . The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn and another leader there is Mulatu Teshome .
Aaron deer plays the bass guitar .
Aaron Turner is in the Lotus Eaters band that plays Black Metal music . A fusion of black metal is called Death metal .
Alessio Romagnoli is connected to UC Sampdoria of the Italy national under 16 ' s football league .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis and played with the band Twilight .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Genoa C . F . C .
Glen Ridge , New Jersey is situated in the Essex County .
AEK Athens F . C . play in the Superleague Greece , and their ground is in Athens .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where tejano is the demonym used .
The United States Army was involved in the Spanish - American War and one of is members was Alfred N . Phillip .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the LCCN number 89646863 .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont , the largest city of which , is Burlington , Vermont .
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas , which has its seat in the county .
Aleksandr Chumakov , who plays for the Soviet Union national football team , played for FC Torpedo Moscow . Aleksandr Tukmanov is the chairman of FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by , Valery Petrakov .
The governing body in London is the Greater London Authority .
Marriott International , with Bill Marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , in Denmark , where the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , the United States . He was a member of Apollo 12 and also served as a test pilot . He graduated from UT Austin 1955 with a B . S . and is now retired .
American - born Albennie Jones plays Rhythm and Blues from which Disco derived .
The mid - size Acura TLX has a front design , Honda K engine and is built in Marysville , Ohio .
The Mason School of Business in the United States are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , Virginia which is owned by the College of William and Mary .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain ( and Spaniards ) . It comes from the region of the Valencian Community where Felipe VI is the leader .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup .
The city of Antioch , part of Contra Costa County , is in California . English is spoken in that state . The leader of Antioch is the House of Representatives which is part of the United States Congress .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England and graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge . He fought in the Gulf War , beginning his career on 5 May 2005 .
Republican Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens on November 4th , 1921 and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District . He was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Narendra Modi is the prime minister of India .
Wilson Township , in Alpena County , Michigan is in the U . S . A .
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines where one of the languages used is Arabic .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft , the location of which , is in Rostock .
As English is spoken in Great Britain , A Loyal Character Dancer was written in English , published by Soho Press in the United States .
B . Zellner discovered 107 Camilla .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York . He fought in the American Civil War under commander Abraham Lincoln . Arabic is spoken in New York .
Led by the United States House of Representatives , Antioch is part of Contra Costa County , part of the San Francisco Bay Area .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
In Poland they speak Polish .
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) in bronze and it was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey . The country ' s largest city is Istanbul and the local currency is the Turkish lira .
An ingredient of Binignit is Sweet potato which is part of the order of Solanales .
Austin is in Hays County , Texas in the United States .
Atlas II comes from the US where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin , Republic of Ireland . The Lord Mayor of the city is Criona Ni Dhalaigh and the government in the city is led by the European Parliament .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 and there were merely 1418 made . It has a V12 engine and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) long .
Abdulsalami Abubakar lives in Nigeria .
The Aston Martin V8 , which was assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico . Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader of the country and a variation of the dish includes cottage cheese .
Anaheim is part of California which is led by the California State Assembly located at the California State Capitol . English is spoken in that state .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia U . S .
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit which has a garrison in Hohne . He also participated in World War II where Chiang Kai - shek was a commander .
300 North LaSalle was completed in 2009 .
Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and is a Mexican food .
The cost to build 250 Delaware Avenue is " 110 million ( dollars ) " .
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is located in the US , where the English language is used . Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerque , which is governed by the United States House of Representatives , which forms part of the United States Congress .
Adam Holloway member of The Grenadier Guards , fought in the Battle of Waterloo .
Harrietstown is part of New York .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Austria . The language in Austria is Austrian German . He died in Austria . Doris Bures is a leader in Austria .
The 1955 Dodge ( which is related to the DeSoto Custom ) and the Plymouth Plaza are related means of transport in that they are both cars . The latter vehicle was manufactured by Plymouth and was succeeded by the Plymouth Satellite .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in that country where the people there are called Greeks .
Anderson is a city that can be found in Madison County , Indiana , USA , and is led by the Democratic Party of the US . The headquarters of the party is on South Capitol Street , Washington D . C .
3Arena is located in North Wall , Dublin and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan , where the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport . The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , the location of which is Jinnah International Airport .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . Franklin County in the state is found to the west , and Cumberland County to the north . Carroll County in Maryland lies to the southeast of Adams County .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain comes from the region of the Valencian Community . The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
Located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , Ampara Hospital has 476 beds .
The 1955 Dodge is manufactured by Dodge and related to the Plymouth Plaza and the DeSoto Custom .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , or " Alfa Romeo 168 " . is an executive car with a straight - four engine .
Alan Frew started performing in 1983 .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England whose capital is London ; the British Arabs are an English ethnic group .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association ( which has its HQ in Brussels ) . Aarhus has a magistrate government . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the record label Deram Records which produces pop music .
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national under - 20 football team .
The first runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt .
Alan Martin plays for Clyde DC club where Barry Fergusion is the manager . He has also played for Hamilton Academical FC based at New Douglas Park .
Bhajji originates from India and contains gram flour and vegetables . It is also known as Bhaji and bajji .
Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak where he continues to live . Taib Mahmud is a member of the Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak Party and he was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Rolando Maran used to be at Varese Calcio S . S . D .
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , which is in Akron , Ohio , in the United States , is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . They play in the Premier Development League , where the champions have been K - W United FC .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico has the title of Mayor of Albuquerque .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an absolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under - 17 football team , which is coached by , Alessandro Dal Canto . Alessio Romagnoli ' s club is the Italy national under 19 football team .
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed , Walter Baade ' s alma mater was the University of Gottingen . Two of Walter Baade ' s doctoral students were Halton Arp and Allan Sandage .
In Singapore , English is spoken . Within Java , the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group and Ayam penyet is a food . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore .
Bakso , made in China , is also found in Indonesia , led by Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla . It is also home to the capital Jakarta .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Al - Wakrah Sport Club and his club is AL Kharaitiyat SC , whose ground is in Al Khor .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan .
Ajo blanco is the alternative name of ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region of Spain and has garlic as an ingredient .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia on May 21st , 1936 and lived in Sarawak . He represented Asajaya and was a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The musician , Andrew White , who began his musical career in 2003 , is associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow . He plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and is signed to the record label Fiction .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Turin , Italy ' s Gruppo Bertone .
Chicken which is then fried is an ingredient in ayam penyet which is from the Sngapore region .
The title of the leader of the United States is President of the United States .
Anaheim in California has an elevation of 48 . 0m above sea level .
Auburn is in Pierce County , part of Washington State in the US .
20 Fenchurch Street is in the United Kingdom where the denonym for natives is British people .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids and is in the class Monocotyledon .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . It comes from the Philippines and originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City .
Ahmet Ertegun , born in Istanbul , is a rhythm and blues player . That type of music came from blues and Disco was derived from rhythm and blues .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist , Bobina . His musical genre is Trance , which has its origins in Pop music .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Sri Lanka . The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club and also for the Al - Khor Sports club whose ground is in Al Khor , .
Spanish language is spoken in Uruguay .
The fighter pilot William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 ) graduated from AFIT in 1962 . A year later , he was selected by NASA .
Footballer , Alan Martin played for the Scotland national under - 21 football team .
Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s club is the Italy national under 19 football team .
William Anders , who graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 and crewed Apollo 8 , retired on September 1 , 1969 .
ALCO RS - 3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 and has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission . It is made by the American Locomotive Company .
11 Diagonal Street was designed by Helmut Jahn and completed in 1983 .
Ahmet Ertegun , whose genre is Rhythm and Blues , has a background as a non performing personnel . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where the language is Austrian Gerrman . Alfons Gorbach , who was born in Imst in the state of Tyrol , died in the country .
Buzz Aldrin served as a Fighter pilot .
Alan Frew was born in 1956 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Al - Zawra ' a SC and he played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . , whose manager is Adnan Hamad .
The celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an epoch date of 14 July 2004 and an orbital period of 16244700 . It has a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres .
Both the African Americans ethnic group and the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion are from the United States .
Andrew Rayel plays the piano .
Auburn , Alabama is 214 . o above sea level , covers an area of 140 . 8 square kilometres and has 368 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus .
A Long Long Way comes from Ireland , where the ethnic group is white .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born 1995 - 09 - 02 in Tampere , Finland .
Akeem Priestley ' s former clubs include Harbour View FC and RoPS .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , United States . One of the ethnic groups in the US is Asian Americans .
The rocket Antares was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport and its final flight was on July 13 2014 .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by The Airbus Defence and Space and launched in Guiana Space Centre .
Elizabeth II is the head of state in the United Kingdom .
Italians are the people who live in Italy , where Italian is the language . Two of the leaders there are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Also in Italy , is the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 .
Antwerp in Belgium is served by the Antwerp international airport .
The Antares rocket compares with the US Delta II , which was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
The epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , formerly known as 1999 SN5 , is on the 13th of January 2016 . ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days , a periapsis measuring 41498400000 . 0 , and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 km .
Aaron Turner performed for House of Low Culture and his music genre is Black Metal . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Alan Martin played for Hamilton Academical F . C . where the ground is located in South Lanarkshire .
The ARA Veinticinco De mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from Argentina .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong for which Chris Patten is a British representative . He served as a crew member on Apollo 8 along with commander Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin , .
Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson created the comic book character Auron , whose full name is Lambien .
The company , Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in California , a key person in the company is Douglas R . Oberhelman . AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc . The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located at campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , in Bangalore city , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy and the director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . It has 700 postgraduate students .
Akeem Ayers , was born on 10th July 1989 and started his career in 2011 . He made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for the New England Patriots .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania . Two facts about Romania are its capital is Bucharest , and one of its ethnic groups are known as the Germans of Romania .
Ícolo e bengo is part of Luanda Province .
The dessert Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region . It includes the ingredients ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm or cold .
Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe ' s predecessor . Mike Akhigbe was Vice President when Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office . Al - Amin Daggash was the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Air Force , which uses theAermacchi MB - 339 is a trainer Aircraft .
The Fiat Croma , which is a similar means of transport to the Alfa Romeo 164 , is also a related means of transport to the Saab 9000 .
Adam McQuaid was born on Prince Edward Island .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rock and roll music , the stylistic origins of which , come from Blues .
1101 Clematis , with a mass of 5 . 7kgs , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres and the epoch date of 31st July 2016 .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States . Native Americans are an ethnic group within the US .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India . It was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi and it has Mahe , India to its northwest .
Part of Washtenaw County , Ann Arbor , is in Michigan , in the United States .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am . J . Math ) a discipline of Math . It ' s ISSN number is 0002 - 9327 .
Jefferson Davis was a commanfer in the American Civil War of which The Batlle of Salem Church was part and in which Aaron S Daggett fought .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , of which which Athens is the capital . Greece ' s leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis .
Anderson is in Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana in the United States .
American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is located in the United States and has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient of Arròs negre .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the club Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya and for Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . , which is managed by Adnan Hamad .
Adam Maher , whose club is PSV Eindhoven managed by Philllip Cocu , is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club .
Atlas II originates from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC , a leader known as the President and the ethnic group of Native Americans .
The Olympic Stadium ( in Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC . That football team is managed by Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F . C . Gus Poyet is also associated with the Real Zaragoza football club .
Sri Lanka uses the Sri Lankan rupee as currency and the Tamil language . The capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and Adisham Hall is found in Haputale .
Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros negre .
AZAL PFK have 3500 members and played in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 - 15 . Previous champions of this league were Qarabag FK .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 , the academic staff size is 737 and affiliation is European University Association .
The official language of Belgium is French .
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin who are competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See died on February 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where the leader is known as the President and its capital city is Washington D . C . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Akron , Ohio with the area codes 234 and 330 , have a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres and has a population density of1239 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . Its water has a total area of . 88 sq . km and it is located at 306 . 0 above sea level .
Bionico is a Mexican dish from the Jalisco region , where Aristoteles Sandoval is a leader . Bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert is cake .
The Atlas II , originated from the U . S . and was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
( 66391 ) 1994 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0 .
The Battle of Antietam was part of the military conflict known as the American Civil War , where Aaron S . Daggett fought and Robert E Lee was a commander .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where John Roberts is leader and White Americans are an ethnic group . English is the language spoken in the US and the capital city is Washington DC .
The builder of the A - Rosa is Neptun Werft .
Originating in the United States , The Delta II took off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 . The Antares rocket which is comparable to Delta II was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Barack Obama leads the U . S . which is the country of the Bacon Explosion . Native Americans are an ethnic group in that country .
Halimah Yacob is the name of Singapore ' s leader .
Aarhus Airport is located in Aarhus , Denmark and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . The airport lies 25 metres above sea level and has a runway named 10L / 28R which is 2777 metres long .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s clubs are Shabab Al - Ordon and AL Kharaitiyat SC .
Batagor and Siomay are variation of the same dish .
The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak .
Cornell University which published Administrative Science Quarterly is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities as well as with the Association of American Universities .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Lake Placid and city of Saranac Lake in New York . It has a runway length of 1219 and is 507 metres above sea level .
Sportiva Arapiraquense , will play this year in the Brazilian Serie C football league Coaracy da Mata Fonseca Stadium , Vila Nova Futebol Clube is the current champion .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Lahore city is served by the airport . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas and has an area code of 806 . Amarillo is 1099 metres above sea level and has a population density of 746 inhabitants per square kilometre . It ' s area is 233 . 9 sq km .
Akeem Priestley ' s former clubs include Dayton Dutch Lions , Antigua GFC and Harbour View FC , where he played youth football .
Albany , located in Dougherty Country in Georgia has a total area of 144 . 7 square km , with 535 inhabitants per square km . It has an area code of 229 and it ' s elevation above sea level is 62 .
Aaron Turner , who is from Boston , started performing in 1995 . He ' s a Black Metal artist and once played for Old Man Gloom and is now part of the Lotus Eaters band .
Romania ' s leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . Its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania .
The city of Anaheim is found in Orange County , which is part of the Greater Los Angeles are in California . Anaheim is led by the United States House of Representatives .
Athens International Airport serves Athens but is actually located in Spata . Its runway length is 3800 .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
Akeem Ayers is 39 in the draft pick and used to play for the St . Louis Rams .
Folk singer , Alison O ' Donnell started performing in 1963 and is an artist for the band Mellow Candle after she was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band .
Barny cakes , made of sponge cakes , is from France , where the national language is french and Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States which uses the English language .
Jacksonville Dolphins play at the John Sessions Stadium .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo .
Akeem Adams plays for T & TEC Sports Club and is a member of the United Petrotrin FC club playing at the Palo Seco Velodrome .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in country of Iraq .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas , Austin . He was born in Dallas .
Nu metal is a music fusion genre of Alternative rock that has origins in new wave music and punk rock . Andrew White is a musician whose genre is alternative rock and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , whose currency is the Pound sterling .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . and A Fortress of Grey Ice is from there .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
250 Delaware Ave . in Buffalo , N . Y . is a Postmodern style .
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and ADO Den Haag .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where the country ' s leader is known as the President . Joe Biden is a leader in the US and the Chief Justice of the USA is John Roberts . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Elizabeth II is the leader of Canada .
Sergio Mattarella leads Italy where the official language is Italian and the capital city is Rome . The country is also the location for the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 .
Jarmo Kekalainen is the general manager of the Columbus Blue Jackets .
Washington is a state is United States .
Alan Shepard graduated from NWS MA in 1957 . He retired on 1 August 1974 having been awarded both the Distinguished Service Medal ( US Navy ) and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson created the comic book character of Auron who has the full name Lambien .
Abel Caballero belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party and was born in Ponteareas , Spain .
Born on the 17th of October 1933 William Anders started working for NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 8 mission along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman .
The country of origin of the ALV X - 1 is the United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , part of New York , and also the city of Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown , New York , United States .
A . S Livorno Calcio ground is in Livorno .
The Alvis Speed 25 has a wheelbase of 127 inches , is a full - size luxury vehicle , and has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and Rome is the capital city .
the manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom , who plays for AFC Ajax , Vitesse Arnhem and Istanbulspor A . S .
Fort Worth , the largest city in Texas and Arlington are both part of Tarrant County . Austin is the state capital .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels . The school ' s dean is Thomas Pallesen , it has 737 employees and 16 , 000 students .
The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian .
Italian born , Alessio Romagnoli , who played for the Italian national under 16 football team , plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria .
C . D . Fas is a member team of the Salvadoran Primera División .
Alan Bean was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission operated by NASA and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in Space .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , with a maximum temperature of 500 . 00 kelvins , has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
San Marcos is the largest city in Hays County , Texas . Austin is also located within the county .
The comic book character The Arrow ' s alter ego is Rick Parker .
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township in the United States and serves Atlantic city , NJ where Don Guardian is leader .
Afonso Pena International Airport , with the ICAO location identifier of SBCT , is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and lies 911 metres above sea level . The runway at the airport is named 11 / 29 and is 1800 metres long .
The AWH Engineering College is to be found in the Indian city of Kuttikkattoor and has 250 academic staff . Also to be found in India is the river Ganges .
The Icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov ' s ship beam is 21 . 2 .
18R / 36L is the runway name of the Adolfo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport .
Musician , Aaron Turner ; plays Ambient music , played with the band Twilight and is associated with the group Greymachine .
The Ariane 5 is made by Arianespace and was launched at the ELA - 3 .
1966 is the year when Al Aderson , from the band NRQB , became active .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . Its dean is Thomas Pellesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association .
Indian people are from the country India , where Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi are leaders . Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India .
101 Helena has an average speed of 18 . 44 km per secs .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , wrote both Grantville Gazette II and then 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark has 16 , 000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association .
Born in Buxton , Tim Brooke - Taylor , starred in Bananaman .
Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of the South Africa where two of the ethnic groups are the White South Africans and the Asian South Africans . The capital city is Cape Town and the country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He is now retired but was a crew member hired by NASA in 1963 for the Apollo 12 mission .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from . They speak Philippine - English there and one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans .
The Atlantic City International Airport is 1873 m and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . Its runway name is 4 / 22 .
The American Journal of Mathematics is also known by the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math .
The Acura TLX had a front engine design layout .
Born in Connecticut , Abraham A . Ribicoff was the spouse of , Casey Ribicoff .
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which is a variation of Siomay .
Aaron Deer plays the guitar and is a performer of the music genre Indie rock , which originated from garage rock music .
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec , a temperature of 179 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kms .
Akron Summit Assault , ( managed by Denzil Antonio ) , played in the 2011 PDL season .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician for the band United Bible Studies and is associated with the band The Owl Service .
Abdul Taid Mahmud , who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Kuching , belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He was succeeded by Adenan Satem , who studied at the University of Adelaide .
Albilene , Texas has a population density of 429 . 9 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 286 . 5 sq km .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Its leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed , graduated from the University of Gottingen .
The frangipane - based dessert Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in the popular Malaysian dish of Ayam penyet .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 , at the Guiana Space Centre . The Guiana Space Centre ' s headquarters are located in Kourou , French Guiana .
The runway at Antwerp International Airport is 1510 meters .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Shabab Al - Ordon Club who play in the Jordan Premier League .
The BBC , founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reith , has its headquarters in Broadcasting House . The BBC produces BBC radio and broadcast the TV series Bananaman .
Batchoy is a dis found in the Phillipines ; the Ilocano people are an ethnic group living there .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was a national of the United States and Casey Ribicoff ( born in Chicago ) was his wife . African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States .
Aleksandra Kovac began her musical career in 1990 in soul as a solo singer , played with Kornelije Kovac and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol .
The comics character Blockbuster was created by Carmine Infantino and Roger Stern .
Noodles are used in Bakso which is a type of food that is made in China .
The AIDS ( journal ) which comes under the academic discipline of HIV was first published in 1987 and has the ISSN number of " 0269 - 9370 " .
Alison O ' Donnell is musically connected to Plastik Mak and United Bible Studies .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is part of Bernalillo County , United States .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll . Akeem Adams used to play for United Petrotrin F . C . which play in Palo Seco Velodrome .
Akeem Ayers debuted with Nashiville , Tennessee ' s , Tennessee Titans . He also played with the St . Louis Rams of St . Louis ( coached by Jeff Fisher .
Authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' is preceded by ' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' which is written in English .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University at Arhus was established in 1928 . Arhus has a Magistrate government .
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 metres above sea level .
Agnes Kant , born in Hessisch Oldendorf , studied at Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as the Parliamentary group leader .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is 88 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 497 . 0 and 14 / 32 is the runway name . In addition its 1st runway is made from Poaceae .
Argentinian Alberto Teisaire has died in Buenos Aires where the leader is Diego Santilli and people speak Spanish .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza is Paraguay .
Al Anderson , a guitarist , once played with The Wildweeds but now is in the NRBQ rock band . Bhangra music is a fusion genre part coming from rock music .
NASA ' s Apollo 14 saw Alan Shepard as one of its crew members .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in Darien , Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives . He served in the United States Army and one American battle is known as the Whiskey Rebellion .
Hays County Texas county seat is San Marcos Texas .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo , Uruguay where Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is the leader .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , United States . Austin is the capital city of Texas .
English is one of the languages spoken in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a dish .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield and was established on July 11th , 1907 . It has been categorised as a historic district in the United States and was provided by the National Park Service .
The Antares rocket first voyage was on January 9 , 2014 and its last flight was on 2014 - 07 - 13 . It is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Sri Lanka has the currency of the Sri Lankan rupee and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province which is led by Austin Fernando .
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Born , Burbank California , Eric Flint , author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , was influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
The length of the AIDAluna is 252000 . 0 millimetres .
AC Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy and their manager is Michele Marcolini who plays for A . C . Chievo Verona and is in the Vicenza Calcio Club . The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso .
Aaron Bertram is an artist with Kids Imagine Nation band and Suburban Legends band ( which has Ska as its genre ) .
Adam McQuaid ' s weight is 94 . 8024 kilograms and he was born in Charlottetown .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove , California in the United States .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York , where one of the languages spoken , is French .
William Anders , a crew member of Apollo 8 , was born in British Hong Kong , and was selected by NASA in 1963 . He retired September 1 , 1969 .
Rock musician Anders Osborne is signed with Okeh Records and Chicago ' s , Alligator Records . Bhangra is a fusion of Rock .
Batchoy soup includes : noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Barny cakes are available in France , where Gerard Larcher is the leader .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC and is managed by Amar Osim . Al Khor is the home ground of this SC .
Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown New York and has an airport called Adirondack Regional airport .
The comic character , Airman , was created by Harry Sahle .
Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located .
Ace Wilder is a songwriter and former solo singer .
Fighter pilot William Anders , who is now retired , was part of Apollo 8 which included Frank Borman among the crew .
The Atlas II is from the United States and its launch site is Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 , Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
A Wizard of Mars is published by Harcourt .
Ajoblanco originiates from Spain and Felipe VI is it ' s leader .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) located in Marousi . The club competes in the Superleague Greece which was previously won by Olympiacos FC .
Aleksandre Guruli is in the US Lesquin Club .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta , Georgia on the 27th September 1987 . He used to play for the Atlanta Falcons .
Indie rock , is the musical genre of Aaron Deer , who has a background as a solo singer .
' A Glastonbury Romance ' was followed by ' Weymouth Sands ' , the sequel to which was ' Maiden Castle ' .
Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) and was succeeded by Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr .
Alpharetta is part of Georgia ( state ) in the U . S . An ethnic group in the U . S . are Asian Americans .
Sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of the dessert known as Bionico .
1001 Gaussia , previously called A911 MD , was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 . It has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
The Samuda Brothers built the Alhambra which is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine who is located is Deptford .
Frederick Maryland is the nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer infantry monument is located . It was established on 11 July 1907 .
Roy Thomas received an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts .
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and Hamburger SV as well as belonging to the youth club SV Weder Bremen .
Albert Jennings Fountain was in the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry .
Ankara is the Turkish capital .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . The leader there is Ram Naik .
Audi was founded by August Horch and they manufacture the Audi A1 . Audi e - tron is a division of Audi and Lamborghini is a subsidiary .
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow , the club Aleksandr Chumakov once played for . Aleksandr Chumakov ' s played for the Soviet Union national football team . He died in Moscow , the leader of which , is Sergey Sobyanin .
Amsterdam - Centrum and Amsterdam - Noords are part of Amsterdam . This is the country where AFC Ajax is based and one of the leaders is Eberhard van der Laan .
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University , Ithaca , New York . Cornell University ( nicknamed ' Cornell Big Red ' ) is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities .
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D . Roosevelt was as a commander . Neave ' s unit was the Royal Artillery which has one of it ' s garrisons in Hohne .
Arem - arem is a Javanese dish found in Indonesia where Indonesian is spoken and Jusuf Kalla is a leader . Indonesia ' s currency is the rupiah .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Greek language is spoken . The capital city is Athens and the leader of the country is Nikos Voutsis .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas ( United States ) , where they speak English .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam which took place during the American civil war conflict in which Jefferson Davis was a commander .
The runway name of Al Asad Airbase is 09L / 27R .
The Audi A1 has a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout .
The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and the capital is Washington D . C . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from there and was written in English .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover .
Eagle succeeded American Motors .
The AIDstella ' s top speed is 38 . 892 km / h .
Christian Panucci , manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio , used to play for Inter Milan .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Shabab Al - Ordon and he plays for the Iraq under 20 team .
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region , in Italy .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece which currently has Alexis Tsipras as head and Prokopis Pavlopoulos as a leader . The capital city here is Athens and the language spoken is Greek .
Barny Cakes come from France and were invented by the company Mondelez International , which was founded in Chicago . François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France .
109 Felicitas , discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters , has a mass of 7 . 5kg and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . Its orbital period is 139705000 . 0 and the apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 km .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The capital of the country is Bucharest , it ' s leader is the Prime Minister and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române ! .
The 3Arena was completed in December 2008 and was designed by the company Populous .
Alex Plante came from Canada whose leader is Elizabeth II and anthem is O Canada . One language spoken in Canada is Engligh .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan where Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader . The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan .
The runway name of Abilene Regional Airport is 17R / 35L .
320 South Boston was completed in 1929 .
MTU Friedrichshafen is in Friedrichshafen and made the engines that powered the A - Rosa Luna which was built by Neptun Werft .
Abradab was born in Poland on November 12th 1978 .
Appleton , Wisconsin is a city which is served by Appleton International Airport .
The Antioquia Department is found in Colombia .
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonesca is in Brazil .
The total area of Arlington in Texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall , 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia . Robert A . M . Stern was the architect for the Hall , which was completed on June 1st , 2009 .
The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II .
Andrew Rayel is a pianist .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Georgia national football team .
Adam Koc is Polish and people in Poland speak Polish .
The celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700 .
Sago is one of the ingredients used to make Binignit .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and did in Gottingen . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and one of his doctoral students was Allan Sandage .
Led by the New Mexico Senate , Albuquerque , New Mexico , is in the United States . The country where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico , where the dish Bionico can be found in the Jalisco region . Bionico is a dessert dish and honey is used in one of its variants .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia , United States .
Aaron Hunt ' s youth club was Goslarer SC 08 and he has played for Hamburger SV and SV Werder Bremen II .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas ( United States ) . Where the largest city in the state is Fort Worth .
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Vituti Militari and the Cross of Valour for Poland .
Alex Day performs Synthpop music , a form of House music .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York .
Solo singer , Albennie Jones , was born in Errata Mississippi and plays the Blues .
Elliot See who was born in Dallas and died in St Louis , graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 , .
Andra is a solo singer .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor city , Kerala state . This state has to its northwest Mahe India . The staff size of the AWH Engineering College is 250 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property established in 2000 and located at the Seminary Ridge in the state of Pennsylvania .
Noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef are main ingredients of Batchoy which is found in La Paz , Iloilo City .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is911 metres above sea level . The runway name is 11 / 29 and it has a length of 2215 . 0 .
Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT , you can add Ketchup to it as well and it cames from the United Kingdom .
Graeme Garden , born in Aberdeen , stars in Bananaman .
English is spoken in the US and Great Britain . A Severed Wasp was published in the US .
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label B - Unique Records and London based , Polydor Records .
Airey Neave began his career on 30th June 1953 and he was involved in the Battle of France .
The American Locomotive Company built a total of 1418 ALCO RS - 3s which all have a V12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 mms .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Bionico are both served as desserts .
Osmosys Records is the recording label of Alison O ' Donnell , who performs jazz music and is signed to Kissing Spell Records .
The Ardmore Airport of New Zealand ' s runway length is 1411 .
Rock music , which originated from country music , is the genre of Al Anderson and his band , NRBQ . A musical fusion of rock music is Bhangra .
Rhythm and blues artists Albennie Jones is from the United States . R & B is the origin of disco and derives from the Blues . The United States is home to African Americans .
Adam Koc was awarded the Officer ' s Star Parasol .
African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States and the nationality of Abraham A . Ribicoff was American . Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and his wife is Casey Ribicoff .
Born in Mendoza , Agentina , Alberto Teisaire , is a member of the Justicialist Party and was succeeded by , Isaac Rojas .
Aaron Deer is a solo singer who plays the bass guitar . his musical genre is indie rock which originated from garage rock music and has its stylistic origin in new wave music .
The novel 1634 The Ram Rebellion is 512 pages long .
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer , with ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont on 3 March 1857 . He worked as the Secretary of State for Vermont and represented the 3rd Congressional District before being succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in Darien in Connecticut and was a member of the Democratic Party in the U . S . He was also a member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district and was succeeded by Albert E . Austin .
The academic discipline of Administrative Science Quarterly is Management .
Buzz Aldrin was an American who was born in Glen Ridge ( Essex County ) New Jersey . He was a crew member on the NASA Apollo 11 program .
Buzz Aldrin ( born January 20th , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) , was hired by NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired .
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms .
Alessio Romagnoli , who is a member of the A . C . Milan club , played Italian national under - 17 football team , coached by , Alessandro Dal Canto .
Alan Shepard ( died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in California ) graduated from NWC in 1957 .
AIDAstella , which was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere , is the operator of AIDA Cruises .
11 Diagonal Street is owned by Redefine Properties Limited .
The Aston Martin RHAM / 1 is related to the Aston Martin V8 , the assembly of which , is located in Newport Pagnell .
Birmingham is the home town of John Madin .
The AIDAluna is 252 metres long , and its service was started on the 22nd of March , 2009
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property . Adams County in Pennsylvania is located to the east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County . To the north west is Carroll County , Maryland .
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka .
T . S . Thakur was an Indian leader .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 , which stands for Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . , has 5300 members . and was in the Lega Pro in the 2014 - 15 season .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . A . He was a test pilot on board the NASA operated Apollo 14 . He retired on the 1st August , 1974 and died in California .
The Aston Martin V8 , made by Aston Martin , is related to the Aston Martin DBS vehicle .
Akron is a part of Summit County , Ohio and is located within the United States where Washington , D . C . is the capital .
FC Spartak Moscow ' s chairman is Sergey Rodionov and Aleksandr Prunikov once played for the club ' s youth side .
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India . T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi are both leaders of India , a country where the people are known as Indians .
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell .
The Antares rocket , which is simliar to the American Delta II , was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . , or A . S Roma for short , has the Stadio Olimpico as its ground and 70634 members .
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Cleveland born , Albert B . White , whose successor was , William M . O . Dawson .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat which is led by a Legislative Assembly .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , India is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 post - graduate students .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under - 17 football team whose coach is Alessandro Dal Canto . Mr . Romagnoli has also been a rep for the U . C . Sampdoria club .
The 1 Decembrie 1981 University , in Romania , is dedicated to the country ' s patron saint , Andrew the Apostle .
The BBC location city is London .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in the country of Switzerland . The dean is called Mario Botta and it has 600 students .
A Loyal Character was written by Qiu Xiaolong .
The Asser Levy Public Baths have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture .
The AMC Matador is a mid - size car .
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen which is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk .
Governor of North Carolina Alfred Moore Scales is a member of the U . S . Democratic Party and was succeeded by James Madison Leach .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB had an epoch date on March 6th 2006 and has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . Alan Fitzsimmons was its discovered and its apoapsis is 7715100000 kilometres .
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs ( abbreviated to AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ) has 5000 members .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region , in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola . The airport is situated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda .
Lippincott Williams & Wilkins publish the AIDS ( journal ) in the United Kingdom . The country is led by David Cameron and Elizabeth II and uses the English language .
Bakewell pudding ( also known as a Bakewell pudding ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader . Shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient .
110 Lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7kgs , has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 , a periapsis measurement of 377016000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
The US is home to Asian Americans and the origin place of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians .
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English the language spoken in Great Britain .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located Ahmedabad , Gujarat , in India a country where one of the leaders is Sumitra Mahajan .
Abel Calallero is Spanish .
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Francois Hollande .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock formation in England dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . One of the ethnic groups to be found in England is that of the British Arabs .
The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester , England . He died in London , where Boris Johnson was the mayor .
Aaron Turner performs for Mamiffer in the genre of black metal . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Baked Alaska is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the President .
Peter Stoger is currently at FK Austria Wien and manages FC Kolin , he also plays international football for Austria .
Aleksander Barkov Junior was born in Tampere , Finland on 2 September 1995 .
Bionico can be found in Guadalajara .
Birmingham ' s leader is Andrew Mitchell .
The bacon sandwich goes by the names : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , and bacon muffin . Condiments are included in a bacon sandwich .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and his alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen . He lived in Doesburg . Agnes Kant held office in the Socialist Party of the Netherlands .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book is from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC .
Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow , Russia and plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow .
Denmark ' s religion is led by Church of Denmark .
The footballer Alan Martin was 185 . 42 cm tall .
103 Hera had its epoch date on 27 August 2011 and its apoapsis is 437160000 . 0 kms . It has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and its periapsis is 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
The Administrative Science Quarterly , or Admin . Sci . Q , is in the management discipline with ISSN number 0001 - 8392 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India was established in 2000 . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fylde . He played football for Bury FC . , and now plays for Tranmere Rovers F . C . and Colwyn Bay FC .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published in English by Soho Press . The company published the book in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft , located in Papenburg . It is s operated by AIDA Cruise Line .
Bacon Explosion is a main course and comes from the United States . Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and passed away in Sidcup , London . Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London and Boris Johnson is the Mayor .
250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
Some random facts about the United States : The language spoken there is mainly English , Barack Obama was the previous president , and the book A Severed Wasp was written there .
The language spoken in italy is Italian language .
5 . 3 litres is the engine volume of the Aston MArtin V8 which is a convertible .
Narendra Modi leads India , a country where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad .
The comic character Auron , whose full name is Lambien , was created by Marv Wolfman .
The name of Angola International Airport runway is " South Runway " .
Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County in the U . S . A . Its runway name is 13 / 31 .
101 Helena was discovered by , the Canadian , James Craig Watson .
Alan Bean ' s birthplace is Wheeler , , Texas .
American Ahmet Ertegun is a rhythm and blues artist .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established 1907 - 07 - 11 .
1634 : The Galileo Affair was followed by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Colombia . It is made with red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , where Spaniards are the ethinic group and where Ajoblanco originates from .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , who has Stephen YongKuet Tze as the deputy , was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President , he was the successor of Adbul Taib Mahmud who was born in Miri , Malaysia .
Baked Alaska contains : Christmas pudding ( sponge cake ) , ice cream and meringue . It has origins in either France , China ( Hong Kong ) or the United States .
The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ( which is the full name ) is " Alvinegro " . The club played in 2015 and has 17000 members .
746 people per square kilometre inhabit Amarillo , Texas .
Trance music performer Andrew Rayel is associated with musical artists Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina . Pop music helped give rise to Trance .
People living in U . S . are called Americans and they speak English . Native Americans are an ethnic group in U . S where Albany , Georgia is located .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India . It was established in 2001 . It has Mahe , India to its northwest .
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin . Greenville , Wisconsin can be found in Grand Chute , Wisconsin , U . S . A .
Uruguay is led by Tabare Vazquez . Montevideo in that country is the birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa .
The ALV X - 1 is from the U . S . whose leader is the President and whose capital city is Washington , D . C . Its anthem is the Star Spangled Banner and Asian Americans are one ethnic group .
The ISSN number of AIDS ( journal ) is 0269 - 9370 .
Adonis Georgiadis held office as " Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally " .
A variation of Amatriciana sauce contains onion , garlic , black pepper , chili .
AS Livorno Calcio play in Serie B .
101 Helena was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson . His alma mater is the University of Michigan and he died of peritonitis .
Adam Koc , fought in the Polish – Soviet War and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta .
The Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 .
Solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born in Belgrade in 1972 . Kovac is an exponent of Funk music .
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom , which is manufactured at DeSoto and succeeded by the DeSoto Firedome ; the DeSoto is related to the Dodge Coronet .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom which is occupied by British People which is the demonym for the natives .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory .
Aaron Boogaard ' s draft team is Minnestoa Wild where the general manager is Chuck Fletcher .
Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania which is home to various ethnic groups including the Germans of Romania . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University if located in the city of Alba Iulia , while the capital city is Bucharest .
Aaron S Daggett took part in the Battle of Cold Harbor , the battle where one of the commanders was , Robert E . Lee .
The Atlas II is from the United States , where Americans live . The United States has an ethnic group called Native Americans , its capital is Washington D . C . and its leader is titled The President of the United States .
The United States is home to the Bacon Explosion and African Americans .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the leader is called Jacob Zuma .
Sausage is an ingredient of a Bacon Explosion .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , the capital of which is Athens . Two of the leaders in that country are , Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavloopoulos .
Former clubs of Aleksandre Guruli include FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni .
Variations of Siomay , which includes peanut sauce , are : Batagor and shumai .
AFC Blackpool played in the 2014 - 15 North West Counties Football League season .
Rice is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
Ticino is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio .
Angola , Indiana is part of Steuben County , Indiana , United States . Americans are the people occupying the U . S , of which one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 1933 . His nationality is United States . He retired on September 1 , 1969 .
Akeem Ayers , born on 10 July 1989 , formerly played with St Louis Rams but made his debut with the Tennessee Titans .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the Us and led by the Mayor . Barack Obama is the leader of the US where English is spoken and where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Dan Horrigan is the leader in Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States , where St Vincent - St Mary High School is located . The school is the location for the home ground of Akron Summit Assault .
The United States is home to the main course dish Bacon Explosion which contains bacon and sausage .
The 1955 Dodge is a sedan type vehicle .
John Cowper Powys wrote A Glastonbury Romance and was born in Shirley , Derbyshire .
Anders Osborne is associated with both Tab Benoit and with the band Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Arros Negre comes from the region of Catalonia in Spain which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia .
Born 22nd September 1856 , Albert B . White , died in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Cross of Independence award and the Cross of Valour ( Poland ) .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons and formerly played with the Houston Texans in Texas .
A member of the Austrian People ' s Party , Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst ( Tyrol ) and died in Graz ( Austria ) .
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg which took place during the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was a commander in that war .
The AMC Matador ' s was assembled in Kenosha , Wisconsin in 1971 and is related to the AMC Ambassador , another vehicle .
Antioch , California has a UTC offset of - 7 .
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
The dessert Baked Alaska , thought to have originated in the United States , France or China , include the ingredients meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . The dish is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong .
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow , the chairman of which is Aleksandr Tukmanov .
Akron in Summit County , Ohio , is part of the U . S . where English is spoken and the capital of the country is Washington , D . C .
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia . Its ingredients include sesame oil , beef tender loin , kway teow , gula Melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce and chilli .
The editor of AIP Advances is A . T . Charlie Johnson who resides in the U . S . Harvard University is A . T . Charlie Johnson ' s almaMater with Michael Tinkham his doctoral advisor .
François Hollande and Manuel Valls are both leaders of France , a country where the French language is spoken . Barny cakes , made with sponge cake can be found in France .
They speak Spanish in Argentina , where Alberto Teisaire was from . Alberto Teisaire ' s party is Justicialist Party . Alberto Teisaire was in office while the president was Juan Perón , who was the spouse of Eva Peron .
Jusuf Kalla led Indonesia boasts the popular Asam pedas dish .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County in the U . S . Opelika is the county seat of Lee County , Alabama .
Agnes Kant held office in the Socialist Party of the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Emile Roemer .
Alvah Sabin ; was born in Georgia , Vermont , worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by , Homer Elihu Royce .
The sports governing body of tennis is the International Tennis Federation .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s full name is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . and it has 5300 members .
Some parts of California speak Chinese .
The novel Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle .
Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from Italy where the capital is Rome and Laura Boldrini is a leader .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Machester , England .
One of the ingredients of the Singapore dish beef kway teow is sesame oil . The dish is also eaten in Indonesia .
United Launch Alliance is the manufacturer of Delta II .
Arlington , Texas , which lies 184 . 0 above sea level , has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres , of which 82 . 8 sq km is water . The area codes for Arlington are 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 and the population density is 1472 inhabitants per sq km .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra , who plays for Al - Wakrah Sport Club , also plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC . The latter team are based in Al Khor and play in the Qatar Stars League under their manager , Amar Osim .
The city of Antioch is located in California , a state where one of the languages spoken is Vietnamese .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama - formerly known asA919 HA ; 1927 WB - was on 26 November 2005 and its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 .
Wiley - Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction ( journal ) , known as Addiction , ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 and LCCN number 93645978 .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season .
Alfons Gorbach was born in lmst in the County of Tyrol .
Boris Johnson is the leader in London .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School is located in Akron , Summit County , Ohio USA . St Vincent - St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . The leader of Akron , Ohio is a one Dan Horrigan .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California and has the architectural style of American Craftsman .
the ethnic group of the llocano people are from the Philippines where English is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City and died in the United States .
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church during the American Civil War in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
The character Arrow ' s alter ego is Rick Parker , created by Paul Gustavson .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in the state of Pennsylvania .
Allen Forrest is an exponent of Pop music and a solo singer who was born in the year 1981 , in Dothan ( Fort Campbell ) , Alabama .
Adonis Georgiadis was the Vice President of New Democracy .
Ahmet Ertegun ' s music genre is rock and roll , which came from the blues .
William Anders , born October 17th 1933 , was selected by NASA in 1963 and served on their Apollo 8 mission alongside Frank Borman .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School is in Akron , Ohio .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States . Here and in Great Britain the language spoken is English .
With a total area of 131 . 6 sq km , Anaheim , is Orange County ( part of the greater Los Angeles area ) , in California , United States . The country ' s leader is called the President of the United States .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for " Al Asad airbase " and it has some transport aircrafts like the " Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III " and aircraft fighters like " The General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon " & " The Lockheed AC - 130 " which is an attack aircraft . the Invasion of Grenada is One of the noted United States Air Force battles .
Aaron Turner , whose music is Post - metal , played with the band Twilight and performs for Mamiffer .
Fountain County , Indiana is located within the United States .
The length of the runway at Aarhus Airport is 2776 . 0 .
Aleksandre Guruli played for US Boulogne .
Bakso is a dish of Chinese cuisine found in Indonesia and includes the ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
Funk is a derivative of Jazz .
The book American Journal of Mathematics has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
Arlington and Fort Worth are both part of Tarrant County , Texas ; United States .
The Alvis Car and Engineering Co . is located in Coventry .
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria , where Austrian German is the language . Alfons Gorbach , was born in Austria , in the County of Tyrol and died in Graz .
Alaksander barkov Jr was born in Tampere Finland on 2nd September 1995 and his draft team was the Florida Pathers .
William Anders was a fighter pilot who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 1933 . He graduated from AFIT with an M . S . in 1962 .
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins .
Drew Calder is a leader in Brandon , Manitoba where Alex Plante was born .
AIDS ( journal ) was first published in 1987 .
Alan Frew plays alternative rock music .
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3078 . 48 .
Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis leads the country of Romania which has " Desteapta - te , romane ! " as its national anthem and is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th March 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . degree , He was a test pilot , who was on the crew of Apollo 12 . He retired in June 1981 .
Aleksandra Kovač ' s place of birth was the Socialist Republic of Serbia .
Alan Frew plays Alternative rock and a sub genre of this music is Christian alternative rock .
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico , where the language is Spanish and also where the food Bionico is found .
Agnes Kant , a Netherlands national , is a member of the Socialist Party in the country . She worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib .
Bakso is a dish containing noodles , from Indonesia .
Atlanta is in the DeKalb county of Georgia , USA , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia and has an area of 144 . 7 square kilometres .
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in Singapore and Indonesia . Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore and Standard Chinese is spoken there .
Ashgabat International Airport located in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , it ' s runway is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 900 . 0 .
The ethnic group of native Americans are from the United States where The president is the leader and baked Alaska is a dish .
The Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 are located in New York City and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 with the reference number 80002709 .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 was on 31 December 2006 , and has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which has their HQ in New York , is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport . The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey .
The Malays and Malaysian chinese are both ethnic groups in Malaysia , a country led by Abdul Halim of Kedah . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia . It comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula .
Baked Alaska is from the country of France where Gerard Larcher is the leader . Hong Kong also claims to have invented it and the leader there is Carrie Lam .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia inSpain . The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States . English is a language spoken in Texas .
178 . 0 centimetres tall , Aleksandre Guruli was born in the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic . His club is FC Karpaty Lviv and he plays for FC Dinamo Batumi .
Part of Colombian cuisine , Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region . One of the ingredients in this dish is Cooking plantain .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and worked as the Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally . His successor was Makis Voridis .
Alan Martin plays football for Barrow A . F . C .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where African American is an ethnic group and like in Great Britain , English is spoken .
The Minotaur V , Minotaur IV , and Antares rockets were launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The Delta II U . S . rocket is like the Antares rocket .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) . He is attached to Irlam Town Football Club and a member of the Chesterfield F . C .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California ( U . S . ) , where Spanish is spoken .
The Dead Man ' s Plack in England , made with rock , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Birmingham is led by Liberal Democrats , is governed by The Birmingham City Council ( has postal code B ) and is home to architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars the actor Damon Wayans Jr .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat .
Beef Kway Teow uses Oyster sauce as an ingredient and is made in Singapore and Indonesia .
107 Camilla was discovered by C Woods and has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 . The periapsis measures 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
3Arena is located in Dublin , in the Republic of Ireland .
The mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is 265 . 0 kelvins . It has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
The leader of the US is called the President of the United States and one of the ethnic groups there is Asian Americans . The US is where Albany is located , in the state of Georgia .
Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol ' s youth club and plays for Central Espanol in the Uruguayan Segunda División . Jorge Orosman da Silva is Penarol ' s manager .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has the fullname A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis and their ground is in the town of Efxeinoupoli . They played in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH . Greece season .
Administrative Science Quarterly known as , Admin . Sci . Q . has the LCCN number of 57059226 and the ISSN number of 0001 - 8392 .
Zamboangans and Ilocano people are ethnic groups from the Philippines which is home to the dish batchoy and where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoken .
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre which is form of House music that has its stylistic origin in new wave music .
ALV X - 1 came from the U . S . whose capitol is located in Washington , D . C . An ethnic group in that country are African American in origin .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and is led by Klaus Iohannis . The ethnicity of the country is largely Germanic and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , later became the Chief of the Astronaut Office .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton . The length of the runway is 2439m and is elevated 280m above sea level .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin . The leader of the government in Dublin is the European Parliament .
The footballer Alan Martin , who was born on 1 January 1989 , plays for Ayr United FC and Accrington Stanley FC .
Addid Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964 .
Alexandria is part of Indiana where the state capital is Indianapolis .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III , was written by Eric Flint , who was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
The A - Rosa Luna has a 2 × MTU 16V 2000 M60 engine , is 125800 mm long , is 1850 tonnes and tops out at 24 . 0 .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and performs Metal music .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta , Georgia and his club is the Houston Texans .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , which is located in the U . S , where some Native Americans live .
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , Indiana , in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D and in the same year was selected by NASA who was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien Connecticut and prior to being succeeded by Albert E Austin worked as Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
Juventus FC have been champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play . AS Roma ' s full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . and their ground is in Rome , Italy .
Aleksandr Barkov Jr weights 96 . 1632 kgs and his draft team is the Florida Panthers whose general manager is Dale Tallon .
Alexandria , Indiana is located at 265 . 0 above sea level and occupies 6 . 81 square kilometres . Its are code is 765 and it has 755 . 3 inhabitants / sq km population density .
ALV X - 1 hails from the United States , a country with an ethic group of White Americans and a nation anthem called The Star Spangled Banner .
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University . It is abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . Its ISSN number is " 0001 - 8392 " and LLCN number is 57059226 .
Agnes Kant , a Netherland ' s national , held office in the Socialist Party of the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Emile Roemer .
The United States city of Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia where the largest city is Atlanta .
In the United States the title of the leader is the President . In this country Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and A severed Wasp originates from .
The American Institute of Physics publishes AIP Advances and it was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson , who lives in the U . S . and which almaMater is Stanford University .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia where the largest city is Atlanta .
Crew member William Anders and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin served under commander Frank Borman on Apollo 8 .
Aaron Turner is a performer of the musical genre post metal which has the cello as an instrument . He played for old Man gloom and for the band Twilight .
AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , has a Caterpillar Inc . engine . Caterpillar inc . , was founded in California and is located in Illinois , United States .
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on July 23 , 1982 . He is a songwriter with a background as solo singer .
The leader of Italy is Laura Boldrini .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia whose leader is Malatu Teshome .
Abdul Taid Mahmud was born and lived in the Kingdom of Sarawak . Abdul Taib Mahmud was a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak and was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and is also found in Java where the Javenese people are an ethnic group .
The comic character of Bolt is created by Ernie Colon and the US National , Paris Cullins .
A Long Long Way is published by Viking Press which is based in the United States . The book was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture .
Dead Mans Plack is a rock formation found in England and dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . One of the ethnic groups of the country are the British Arabs , and the Church of England is the official religion . The Cornish language is still spoken in parts of the country .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbrv . ACM Trans . Inf . Syst ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science . It ' s LCCN and ISSN codes are 89646863 and 1046 - 8188 respectively .
Led by the City Administrator , Ann Arbor , Michigan , has an area of 74 . 33 square kilometres and a population density of 1580 . 7 per square kilometre .
The launch site of Atlas II is Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . Atlas II has a diameter of 3 . 04m . and its final flight took place on the 5th December 2002 .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD ( discovered by Spacewatch ) ; has an orbital period of 39447000 , the epoch date of June 27th 2015 and the apoapsis of , 259776702 . 47055 kilometers .
Oyster sauce is contained in Beef kway teow .
Eberhard van der Laan is the name of the leader of Amsterdam .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Austria . He passed away in Graz . An Austrian leader is Doris Bures .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He was a United States citizen . His Alma mater was UT , Austin and he graduated with a B , S . In 1955 .
The apoapsis for 1101 Clematis is 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere , Finland in 1995 and his club is the Florida Panthers .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a mean temperature of 258 . 0 kelvins .
Americans live in the U . S , the home of The Atlas II .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , which has the capital city of Washington DC . It is also the location of Albany , part of Benton County in Oregon .
Barack Obama ( title : President ) is the leader of the United States , where the capital is Washington DC . The book 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the US , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
Ab Klink , who was born in the Netherlands , attended Erasmus University Rotterdam .
Alexsandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Terek Grozny , based in Grozny and managed by Gadhzhi Gadzhiyev .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government . The airport has an elevation of 12 . 0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1500 metres .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion in Paraguay . The country is led by Juan Afara and uses the Spanish language .
Bill Everett is the creator of the comic character , Amazing - Man .
Alvah Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont .
Visvesvaraya Technological University is in the city of Belgaum .
John Major was a commander during the Gulf War .
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat , Ahmedaba , India , where the leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel .
The city of Antioch is located within California where the Spanish language is spoken .
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy where Amatriciana sauce comes from .
Rhythm and blues singer Andra is associated with artist Marius Moga . R & B derives from the blues and is the origin of Funk and Disco .
The Aston Martin V8 , assembled in the U . K . ( led by Queen Elizabeth II ) , is relative to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and its successor , the Aston Martin Virage ( manufactured by Aston Martin ) .
Born in Moscow in 1948 , Aleksandr Chumakov , played for the Soviet Union national football team .
The musician , Andrew White , is associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow , plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs , and started his musical career in 2003 .
In 1963 Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc . D . and that same year NASA picked him to crew Apollo 11 . Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 and was a fighter pilot before heading into space .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
The A - Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft , Warnemunde . It has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes , a top speed of 24 . 0 and is 125 . 8 metres long .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is the Connecticut Huskies and he plays for Orange County Blues FC which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
The birth place of Alfons Gorbach is County of Tyrol .
James Craig Watson discovered 101 Helena . He was a Canadian national who died in Madison , Wisconsin from peritonitis .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso and with the band Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Ace Wilder was born 23rd July 1982 in Stockholm , Sweden . He is a solo singer .
New York City was the birthplace of Albert Jennnings , who fought in the American Civil War . The same war in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Ballistic is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as Kelvin Mao and was created by Doug Moench and Michael Manley .
The Aston Martin Vantage succeeded the Aston Martin DBS which is a related form of transport to the Aston Martin V8 . Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 which is assembled in the United Kingdom , the leader of which , is Elizabeth II .
Located at Ícolo e Bengo , Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 metres .
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the prime minister of Denmark .
Alkmaar Zaanstreek is the full name of AZ Alkmaar .
The population density of Austin , Texas , is 1296 . 65 inhabitants per sq km and its area is 703 . 95 sq . km .
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico and contains the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in the UK where the leader is Elizabeth II . He died in Sidcup , which is part of London , the leader of which is the European Parliament .
Elliot See was born in the United States on July 23rd , 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is part of the University of Texas system , and competes in the Big 12 competition .
Juan Peron belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina and was president at the same time Alberto Teisaire was in office . Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire .
Pickard Chilton designed 300 North LaSalle , Chicago , which has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996 . Mario Botta is Dean and there are 600 students .
101 Helena was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson , who died from peritonitis .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas . It is located in the United States where the capital of the country is Washington DC .
Adams County , Pennsylvania , is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in the year 2000 . Adams County is south of Cumberland County , and northwest of Carroll County in Maryland and northeast of Frederick County , Maryland .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island in New York City .
Anderson can be found in Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana which is part of the U . S . A .
Abilene , is in Texas ( capital of which is Austin ) , in the United States , where English is spoken .
Atlanta is in the United States .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County , Michigan , United States . Lansing is the capital of the state and the language spoken is English .
Paul Gustavson created The Arrow .
Barny cakes can be found in France where they speak French and the leader is Claude Bartolone . Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago .
Greenville is in Grand Chute Wisconsin and is the location of Appleton International Airport . The airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin .
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km / s and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 . Lydia ' s mass is 6 . 7 kg .
The 1955 Dodge , also called the Dodge Suburban , has a V8 engine and a 3 - speed auto transmission .
The ISSN number " 0002 - 9327 " is for American Journal of Mathematics which has the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math .
3Arena is located in Dublin and its architect was HOK SVE .
Rick Parker , is the alternative name for the comic character , the Arrow .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 .
Akeem Ayers debut team was the Tennessee Titans who are based in Nashville , Tennessee . He went on to play for the St . Louis Rams , who are based in the city of St . Louis and whose coach is Joe Vitt .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow , whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena . He later played for FC Tom Tomsk and FC Amkar Perm , where the manager is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and is a hardcover book .
The dark asteroid 1000 Piazzia , formerly known as " 1967 ED " , has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 , a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 , and an escape Velocity of 0 . 0252 km / sec . The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
The country of Romania is led by Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the Germans of Romania . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia , Alba County .
The American Roger McKenzie is a comic book writer who created the character Ben Urich .
Established in 1996 , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland has a staff of 100 and 600 students . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " Addiction " and an LCCN number of 93645978 .
The variations of batagor and siomay are the same dish , shumai is a variation of batagor which is found in Indonesia .
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 109 Felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 kilometres . It has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a two door coupé .
Athens is served by the Athens International Airport located in Spata at 94 metres above sea level .
The Atlas II rocket ’ s launch site is Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William M . O . Dawson . Albert B . White is married to Agnes Ward White and her birthplace is Marietta , Ohio .
Akron , Summit County , Ohio is part of the United States . The English speaking U . S . has its capital as Washington , DC , and is home to Native Americans .
Walter Baade , a doctoral student of Halton Arp , was born in Preubisch Oldendorf and studied at the University of Gottingen . He discovered 1036 Ganymed and also had a student named Allan Sandage .
Dance pop singer and reality television judge Andra was born in Câmpia Turzii .
Airey Neave , a hero who was awarded the Distinguished Service Order , fought in the Battle of France and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Canada ' s spoken languages include French and is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 which is operated by Arianespace , the location of which , is located in the city of Courcouronnes .
Acura is a division of Honda , which makes the Acura TLX . It has a 2 . 4 litre engine .
The 3Arena is located in Dublin , which is a part of Leinster , in the Republic of Ireland .
Anderson , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
Ab Klink , born in Stellendam , graduated from Leiden University .
Bacon Explosion , which includes sausage , is from the Kansas City metropolitan area .
Auburn is part of Pierce County , Washington , in the United States .
Albany is in Linn County Oregon , United States . Americans live in the US where the capital is Washington DC and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The main ingredients in a bacon explosion ( a main course ) are bacon and sausage . The Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metro area .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins . The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II and the language is English .
Adare Manor is in Adare , Munster , County Limerick .
The African Americans are an ethnic group found in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC . The country is the location of Alpharetta , part of Fulton County in Georgia .
Serving the city of Abilene in Texas , Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 121 metres .
Beef kway teow comes from the region of Indonesia and also Singapore . The leader of Singapore , where Standard Chinese is the spoken language , is Halimah Yacob .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia in Romania .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the U of Texas system and is part of the big 12 conference . See worked as a test pilot and passed away in St . Louis .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo , served in the Nigerian Air Force which uses the Aermacchi MB - 339 as a trainer aircraft . Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President who succeeded Oladipo Diya in the V . P . role .
The Republic of Ireland is led by Enda Kenny , Irish is the official language and is home to Adare Manor .
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia .
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States which is led by the President . Paul Ryan and Joe Biden are leaders in the country .
Alfredo Zitarrosa background includes solo singing .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the speak italian , the capital is Rome and their leaders are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini .
Serie A is based in Italy .
Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which was launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 kilometres .
The Aston Martin DBS had the Aston Martin V8 for a successor .
Alfredo Zitarrosa death place was in Montevideo .
Aaron Deer plays piano and was signed to the Portland , Oregon based Kill Rock Stars records . He performs Indie rock , which originates from garage rock music .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Al Shorta SC .
The House of Representatives , where the Netherland national Agnes Kant worked , is led by Khadija Arib .
Weymouth Sands ' author was John Cowper Powys .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission . It was built by the American Locomotive Company and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
1099 Figneria ; has an apoapsis of 605718000 kilometres , an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
The epoch date of 1097 Vicia is 2006 . 12 . 31 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 kilometres per second . Its orbital period is 135589000 . 0 and it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km .
The location of AIDA Cruises is Germany .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 is located in Pacific Grove , California and has the reference number 87000823 in the the National Register of Historic Places .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor city , kerala state in India . It was established in 2001 and has an academic staff size of 250 .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated as " Acta Math . Hungar . " ) has the CODEN code " AMAHE9 " . It has the ISSN number of " 0236 - 5294 " and LCCN number 83646315 .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who worked at FC Bari 1908 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 . It has 16 , 00 students and 737 academic staff . IT is affiliated to the European University Association . Its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais ; its runway name is 15 / 33 and it is 1800 metres long .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 09L / 27R and has a length of 3990 .
The architect of Adare Manor is George Richard Pain .
A Severed Wasp ( ISBN number : " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " ) is available in print . The OCLC number is 8805735 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States . The National Park Service has responsibility for this monument .
Macmillan Publishers are the parent company of Tor Books .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba in the state of Parana . Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero located in Brasilia .
Adonis Georgiadis , who was succeeded by Makis Voridis , was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister who had Evangelos Venizelos for a Deputy .
Alex Tyus has played for Anadolu Efes Sk in the Turkish Basketball Super League .
The Atlas II , with its U . S . origins , was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Vandenberg Air Force Base . . It has a 3 . 04m diameter , with its final flight on 8 / 31 / 2004 .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States where Americans and Asian Americans inhabit it .
Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands , thee leader of which , is Khadija Arib .
Paulo Souza is manager of ACF Fiorentina , plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C . , InterMilan club and the Portugal National Football Team .
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . The club has 17000 members and competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C .
Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington DC in the United states , a country where African Americans are are ethnic group .
The novel A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and the Trinidad and Tobago national football team .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is part of Washtenaw County , U . S . Lansing is the capital of Michigan where Spanish is spoken .
Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy is made from tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and Pecorino Romano .
Alan Bean retired on June 1981 .
Agra airport is located in India , whose leaders are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Germany is led by Angela Merkel and the inhabitants are known as Germans . Neptun Werft who built the A - Rosa Luna are located in the country at Rostock .
Aleksandr Chumakov , whose club was FC Torpedo Moscow , was born in Moscow and now plays for the Soviet Union national football team .
Gruppo Bertone , located in Italy , was the designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands who worked at the House of Representatives led by Khadija Arib .
Akeem Ayers was in draft round 2 and his former team was the Los Angeles Rams .
Ahmet Ertegun , a rhythm and blues performer , is from the U . S . That type of music originates from blues . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland . The monument , which is owned by the National Park Service , was established on 11th July 1907 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States .
The celestial body known as 110 Lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7kg was discovered by Alphonse Borrelly and has the epoch date 31 December 2006 . It ' s orbital period is 142603000 . 0 and the apoapsis measures 440756000 . 0 kms .
Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in California . Born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire , he attended NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . Before retiring on 1 August 1974 he had been awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal .
Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio . The Accademia was established in 1996 and is overseen by Dean Mario Botta .
Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco , Mexico and consists of sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut .
The leader of Kerala is Kochi and the state lies southeast of Mahe in India . It is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala and has an academic staff of 250 .
Sycamore is in the Dekalb County of Illinois region .
Bandeja paisa originates from the Antioquia Department in Colombia . The dish ' s main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharron , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Chiang Kai - shek was a commander in World War II .
Alison O ' Donnell is jazz musician , who was signed to Deram Records in London and is currently signed to Osmosys Records . Funk is a derivative of jazz .
The asteroid called ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and an epoch date of July 14th 2004 . It also , has an escape velocity of 0 and a peripsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst of which both Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax are tenants .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport where the 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler Texas . He graduated from UT Austin with a BSc . in 1955 . Bean worked as a test pilot and was part of Apollo 12 , which was run by NASA . He is retired .
The former name of 1089 Tama is " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " and it has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 .
The epoch of 1089 Tama , which has an escape velocity of . 0068 kilometres a second and was formerly known as A894 VA ; A904 VD , is November 26th , 2005 . It has an orbital period of 1 , 202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288 , 749 , 000 , 000 kilometres .
The Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway has length of 2953 feet .
The population density of Albany , Georgia is 535 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay where the leader is Juan Afara .
John Aman ( created by Bill Everett ) is also known as Amazing - Man in the comics genre .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California , he is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Ashgabat International Airport ' s 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
The United States has the capital city of Washington DC , is the location of Alpharetta in Georgia , and includes the ethnic group of African Americans .
Alan Frew is a solo singer whose musical genre is rock music . Rock music stylistically originates from country music and folk music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Granola is one of the ingredients of the food Bionico which comes from the region of Jalisco in Mexico .
Sri Lanka ' s leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it is home to the Ampara Hospital .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the capital city is Athens . Prokopis Pavloopoulos is a leader of the country where the Greek language is spoken .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 hs 5300 members and were in the Lega Pro in the 2014 - 15 season .
' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' is preceded by ' 1634 : The Baltic War ' which was written by David Weber .
3Arena was completed on December 2008 and it ' s architect was the company Populous .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain , the predecessor of which , was Alfonso XIII of Spain .
18C / 36C or Zwanenburgbaan are the names for the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which has a runway length of 2014 . 0 . This Airport serves Amsterdam and is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
The 1955 Dodge is also named the Dodge Coronet and has a station wagon style body . It uses a 3 - speed automatic transmission and has a V8 engine .
The manager of A . C . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who plays for Torino F . C . and as been associated with F . C . Bari 1908 .
Apollo 14 crew member Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He graduated with an M . A . from NWC in 1957 . The United States Navy awarded Shepard the Distinguished Service Medal . The precedence of the Navy ' s Distinguished Service Medal is above that of the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and a station wagon style body .
The St . Louis Rams , based in the city of St . Louis , are the the former team of Akeem Ayers . He made his debut for the Tennessee Titans which is coached by , Mike Mularkey .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Footballer , Peter Stöger , plays for the Austria National Football team .
Both William Anders and Frank Borman served as crew members on Apollo 8 .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 and began his career in 2011 for the Tennessee Titans . He formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov , which is in service , was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard by Finland . It is 99 . 83 metres long and its ship beam is 21 . 2 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviation : ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) has the LCCN number 89646863 and the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 . The CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems is " ATISET " .
Robert E . Lee was a commander at the Battle of Salem Church , a battle Aaron S Daggett fought in .
Appleton , Wisconsin is part of little chute , Wisconsin .
Attica , Indiana is in the United States . Indiana ' s capital is Indianapolis .
The alma mater of Daniel Gould Fowle is Princeton University .
Classed as a mid - size car , the Acura TLX has its assembly line at the Marysville Auto Plant . The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine and has front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
Agness Kant , a Dutch national , worked for the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , where the leader is Mark Rutte .
The city of Anderson in Madison County is in Indiana . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana , which is in the United States .
1 FC Magdeburg , played in the 2014 season and has 27250 members .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , in the United States , where Spanish is spoken .
Aleksandre Guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi .
The ship AIDAluna began service on March 22nd 2009 .
Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and once played for the St Louis Rams .
Washington D . C . is the capital city of the United States , where the ALV X - 1 originated . The Star Spangled Banner is the anthem of the United States and Asian Americans one of its ethnic groups .
Amarillo is a part of Potter County , in Texas , USA . Austin is the state capital of Texas .
Alison O ' Donnell , who performs folk music of Ireland , has been signed the record labels Fruits de Mer Records and London based Deram Records .
Airey Neave ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
St Louis , which is part of Spain and led by Francis G Slay , is the birth place of Alex Tyus .
Akeem Dent once played with the Atlanta Falcons whose coach was Dan Quinn .
Elliot See was an American citizen who was born on July 23 , 1927 , in Dallas , and died in in St . Louis . He studied at the University of Texas at Austin .
Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland , Ohio where 200 Public Square is located .
Aaron Turner ' s musical genre is post - metal , which uses the cello . He has been a member of the bands Twilight and Greymachine .
Asam Pedas is a food hails from the Malaysian Peninsula and popular in Malaysia . Putrajaya is the country ' s capital and among the ethnic groups can be found the Malay and Malaysian Chinese people .
Alan B . Miller Hall was in augurated on 2009 - 10 - 02 .
The character Baymax , created by Steve T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau , is voiced by Scott Adsit .
Allam Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan has a runway length of 3310 . 0 and a name of 18L / 36R .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , the capital of which is Washington D . C .
Taro can be found in Binigit which is a dish from the region of Visayas . Another main ingredient is banana and this is a local dessert found in the Philippines .
At 159 meters above sea level and serving the city of Luanda , Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , in the Luanda Province , Angola .
England is a country where Cornish is spoken in the Cornwall region , British Arabs are an ethnic group and Dead Man ' s Plack is found .
Sergio Marchionne was a key person at Dodge , the manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge . This car , along with the DeSoto Custom and Plymouth Plaza are related means of car transportation .
Baked Alaska is from the New York region .
6573 feet is the length of the first runway at Adirondack Regional Airport .
Adam Holloway who is a national of the United Kingdom , where London is the capital , served in the Grenadier Guards and he was involved in Gulf War battles . The commander of the Gulf War was George H . W . Bush .
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the " Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak " party .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is T S Thakur .
Angola is located in Indiana in the United States and the country ' s capital is Washington DC .
Alex Day plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and associated with the musical artist , Charlie McDonnell . His active years in music began in 2006 .
Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963 to take part in Apollo 11 .
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B . White , who was born Cleveland . Albert B . White finished his career on March 4th 1905 and was succeeded by , William M . O . Dawson .
Bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was a national of the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . Prior to his death in New York he was married to Casey Ribicoff who was born in Chicago .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the ISSN number 1865 - 8784 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren and Bobina . He has performed the genre of trance music which has its origins in pop .
The Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are connected to each other , the Aston Martin Vantage succeeded by the Aston Martin DBS .
Alex Tyus plays for the club , Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C .
The Airbus Defense and Space manufactured the Ariance 5 which was launched at ELA - 3 . Airane 5 ' s maiden flight was on June 4 , 1996 and its final flight was December 18 , 2004 .
Hohne is one of the garrisons of Royal Artillery , the unit that Airey Neave served in . Airey Neave fought in World War II , during which one oft he commanders was , Benito Mussolini .
The School of Business and Social Services at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and can be found in print with the OCLC number of 8805735 .
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where Barack Obama is president .
The epoch date for 66391 1999 KW4 , which has an orbital period of 16244700 , is 2004 - 07 . 14 . The apoapsis of 1999KW4 is 162 , 164 , 091 . 8388 kilometres .
Folk rock artist Alison O ' Donnell is signed with Floating World Records and Deram Record . London is the home of Deram Records .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader ' s name is Klaus Iohannis .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zeland ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae . Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants , its class is Monocotyledon . It is a member of the order of Poales and belongs to the order of Commelinids .
Cleveland in Ohio , United States is governed by the City Council and Frank G Jackson . It is the location of 200 Public Square .
The English language is used in the United States .
Curitiba is part of the State of Parana , in the south region of Brazil . The Afonso Pena International airport serves the city .
Aston Martin manufacture the Aston Martin Virage which succeeded the Aston Martin V8 . This latter vehicle is assembled in the UK with a 5 . 3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Born in Nottingham , N . R . Pogson was the discoverer of 107 Camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Elliot See was an American born in Dallas . He was a student at the U of Texas in Austin . He worked as a test pilot and joined NASA in 1962 . See died in St . Louis .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in the Nigerian Air Force . He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President .
Plymouth are the manufacturers of the Plymouth Plaza .
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow which is chaired by Aleksandr Tukmanov and managed by Valery Petrakov .
Former Los Angeles Rams player , Akeem Ayers , debuted with the Tennessee Titans , which are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
The Antares rocket , manufactued by Orbital ATK , is comparable to the US Delta II . The Delta II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , New York , is 507 meters above sea level and serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York .
103 Colmore Row , completed in 1976 , is located at Colmore Row and was designed by the architect John Madin , born in Birmingham .
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia , and Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader .
A Severed Wasp is written in English in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
The fictional character Aurakles , also known as ' ' Aurakles ' ' was created by Len Wein and Dick Dillin ( American ) .
Jens Hartel plays for SV Babelsberg 03 .
The nationality of Agnes Kant is Netherlands .
John Buscema is an American .
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled at Newport Pagnell - the volume of Aston MArtin V8 is 5 . 3 litres , The Aston Martin Virage is made by the company Aston Martin .
Bacon Explosion is a main course that has sausage as an ingredient .
Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella .
The United States is home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans and also the location of Akron , Ohio .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup in the Central Region of Denmark . Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark and Danish is the local language .
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . The dish is from the Catalonia region of Spain .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg , which has the abbreviation Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg , has the CODEN code AMHAAJ .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Moscow .
While Lansing is the capital of Michigan , Detroit is considered the largest city and Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , with postcode area ' B ' . Khalid Mahmood ( British politician ) is one of the leaders of Birmingham , alongside Birmingham City Council .
Polish is the language spoken in Poland .
Andrew Rayel is a Trance music performer who is associated with a number of musical artists , these include : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi . Trance music originated from house music .
The alternative name of the comic character Airman is " Drake Stevens " . He was created by Harry Sahle and George Kapitan .
William Anders is a retired fighter pilot . He along side Frank Borman was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal .
Auburn , Alabama has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km , and a total area of 140 . 8 Sq Km .
Born in the USA in 1914 , Albennie Jones was a solo singer whose genre was jazz .
AIDS journal has the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 .
Bakso is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries .
Honda makes the Acura TLX since Acura is a part of the Honda Co .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capital . Among the country ' s leaders are Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma , and white South Africans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Abraham A Ribicoff worked as Governor of Connecticut and his wife , Casey Ribicoff , was born in Chicago .
Austin is the capital city of Texas in the United States . Amarillo is also found in Texas , being part of Potter County .
Aleksandr Prudnikov currently plays for the team FC Amkar Perm , which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Ajoblanco is a food containing olive oil from Andalusia in Spain .
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is led by Akihito . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England .
Kerala is a state in India which is positioned with Mahe to it ' s northwest . It is also home to the AWH Engineering College which is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor , India . The college was founded in 2001 and has 250 members of staff .
Walter Baade of West Germany was the one to discover , 1036 Ganymed . The university of Gottingen was where Walter Baade studied and Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and Olympique Lyonnais . FC Karpaty Lviv are managed by Oleh Luzhny . Olympique Lyonnais are owned by Jean - Michel Aulas and play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Born in Cleveland , Albert B . White was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson , who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
ALV X - 1 comes from the United State where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Born in the Kingdom of Sarawak Abdul Taib Mahmud , was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kubm , who was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
Sri Lanka , whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , is home to Adisham Hall in Haputale .
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office whilst Atiku Abubakar was Vice President .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 2900 . 0 .
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin , United States .
Ace Wilder ' s musical genre is Hip hop .
Scotland is the birth place of Alan Frew .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas , in the United States .
Akron in Ohio has . 88 square kilometres of water .
Richland Township , Madison County , Indiana is located within the United States .
The ALV X - 1 was launched at Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport , with one launch failure and 2 rocket stages . It is 1 . 524 meters in diameter .
The comic book character Bolt , with the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Gary Cohn and Paris Cullins .
Consisting of 23 floors , 103 Colman Row is located in Colman Row and was designed by Birmingham born , John Madin .
83646315 is the LCCN number for Acta Mathematica Hungarica which has the abbreviation of " Acta Math . Hungar . " .
Andra is a Rhythm and Blues artist who is associated with Puya and Marius Moga .
Hip hop music , the musical genre of Ace Wilder , has the sub genre Gangsta rap and has its origins in Funk .
The ALV X - 1 rocket has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and was launched once .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez in the Salvadoran Primera Division league .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national led by Joe Biden .
Alan Shepard is an American who served as an Apollo 14 crew member . He was born in New Hampshire on the 18th of November 1923 , graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 , and died in California .
The Alhambra , owned by P & O , built by the Samuda Brothers , is powered by London ' s Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes .
AEK Athens FC had the manager Gus Poyet .
The length of the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is 192000 millimetres .
The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Alvinegro " , they played in 2015 and they have 17 , 000 members .
The number of Buzz Aldrin ' s awards are 20 .
Budapest is the death place of Akeem Adams .
Abel Hernandez plays for the club , U . S . Citta di Palermo , managed by Giuseppe lachini .
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is nicknamed Asa Gigante . They have 17000 members and played in the 2015 season .
101 Helena ' s average temperature is 173 . 0 kelvins .
Aaron Turner played for Old Man Gloom and is associated with the group Greymachine .
The coach of the Italian national under 16 football team is Daniele Zoratto . Alessio Romagnoli who used to play in the Italy national under 16 ' s football team , plays for A . C . Milan .
Alfred N . Phillip was a member of the US Army .
Stephen Dilts is the head of the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 in Italy has 5300 members .
The Moro and the Ilocano people are ethnic groups within the Philippines where batchoy is eaten and the language used is Philippine Spanish .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He now resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He successor was Adenan Satem , a grad of Adelaide University .
Bionico is a dessert .
United States national and American Abraham A . Ribicoff , died in New York . He was married to Casey Ribicoff . An ethnic group in the United States is African American .
Agnes Kant , a Netherlands national , is a member of the Netherlands Socialist Party , the leader of which , is Emile Roemer .
Test pilot Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23rd , 1927 and died in St . Louis on February 28th , 1966 . He was a student at the University of Texas in Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system .
John Roberts is a leader in the United States .
Auburn is located in King County , part of the state of Washington . It covers a total area of 77 . 4 sq km within the United States .
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso , Rome is the capital and where Italians live .
The AMC Matador model was manufactured during 1971 and assembled in Kenosha , Wisconsin . The AMC Matador and the AMC Ambassador are relative means of transportation .
Albany , Georgia , is in the United States , where English is spoken , and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Abilene is part of Texas , United States , where English is the spoken language . . The country ' s capital is Washington , D . C . and the biggest city is New York City .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , United States . English is the language spoken in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC .
Anderson is part of Indiana ( United States ) , the capital of the state is Indianapolis .
Aaron Bertram is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and he performs ska punk music .
Abradab is a hip hop musician with a background as a solo singer . Hip hop originates from funk and disco and was derived into drum and bass music .
Alaa Abdul Zahra has played for AL Kharaitiyat SC and for Al - Khor Sports Club of the Qatar Stars League . Al Kharaitiyat SC play at Al Khor and are managed by Amar Osim .
Jack Kirby ' s nationality is American .
Aaron Boogaard was born in 1986 in Canada and is 1 . 905 m . tall . He plays for Wichita Thunder team .
The comic character , Arion , was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , India was established in 2000 . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the president is B . M . Reddy .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is located in Denmark . There are 16 , 000 students , and an academic staff size of 737 , headed by the dean , Thomas Pallesen .
Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on August 11th 2005 and its last flight on December 18 , 2009 . The European Space Agency is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which was launched from Guiana Space Centre .
Coming from Spain , is the dish Ajoblanco ( alternatively known as Ajo blanco ) which has almond as an ingredient .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the club Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya .
The capital of the U . S . A . is Washington D . C . where one finds African Americans among ethnic groups and the city of Amarillo in the state of Texas .
Andra is a solo singe whose music genre is Dance - pop .
The rocket Antares is comparable to Delta II , which originates in the United States and was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 . The Antares rocket launch site was the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Aaron Deer plays the bass guitar and is an Indie rock musician ( which has new wave music as its stylistic origin ) .
Born in Congress in Poland , Adam Koc fought in the Polish – Soviet War , which Joseph Stalin was a commander in .
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager for Real Madrid Castilla .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay .
Indonesia ' s leader ' s name is Joko Widodo which is where Asam pedas comes from .
The area code for Austin , Texas is 512 .
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1 , 533 and is found in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan in the U . S . A .
The icebreaker ship , Aleksey Chirikov , was built in Finland where the people are known as Finns .
The general Manager of Columbus Blue Jackets is Jarmo Kekalainen .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 and it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . It has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Balder Odinson - also known as Balder - is a comic character created by the American Jack Kirby .
Erasmus University Rotterdam ( Assoc . of MBA ' s ) alum and Netherland national Ab Klink was born in Stellendam . The Euro is the Netherlands currency .
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport which is found in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is the Marriott International Hotel .
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property located at the Seminary Ridge in Adams County in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia , Spain . The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont and the country uses the Euro as currency . The leader is Felipe VI .
26 November 2005 is the epoch date of 1089 Tama , which has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels in Belgium .
The University of Adelaide is the alma mater of Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak . Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and his residence is Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . The successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province in Sri Lanka .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia .
The Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . It is identified by the LCCN number 60040714 , the ISSN number of 0567 - 7920 and the CODEN code of APGPAC .
Americans , including the ethnic group of African Americans , live in the English speaking country of the United States . Angola is located in the country , being part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors and 814 rooms , and is owned by Bella Center .
Anders Osborne , a Blues artist , is signed to the record label Okeh Records .
Adisham Hall , located in Haputale , was started in 1927 and built in the architectural style of " Tudor and Jacobean " .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County , in the San Francisco Bay Area of California . Chinese is one of the languages spoken in California .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , in Spain .
Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963 for the Apollo 11 mission .
American Buzz Aldrin was part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 mission which had William Anders as its backup pilot . Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New jersey which is in Essex County .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is VfL Wolfsburg .
Born in Faversham , Kent , England , Adam Holloway is a national of the United Kingdom and a member of the Tories .
The Canadian , James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera , whose epoch date was on August 27th 2011 . His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The country of India makes a dish called Bhajji , the main ingredients being vegetables .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , NJ ) was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission , which was operated by NASA .
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and is also found in Java where the Javanese are an ethnic group .
Al Anderson plays with country music band NRBQ .
The AMC Matador was assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States and Abraham A . Ribicoff is a United States national . Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and his spouse is Ruth Ribicoff .
AZ Alkmaar full name is " Alkmaar Zaanstreek " .
The Alan B Miller Hall ' s location is Williamsburg , Virginia .
Alexandria , Indiana is part of Madison County Indiana .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York City and he died in the New Mexico Territory of the U . S .
Alpena , Michigan is located in the United States .
The musical genre of Albennie Jones is rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music . Disco derives from rhythm and blues .
A . S . Livorno Calcio ' s ground is in Livorno , Italy .
Akeem Adams played in the Trinidad and Tobago national under - 20 football team .
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant . It has an AWD vehicle layout and a V6 engine .
Aenir is a paperback .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa and some Asian South Africans live .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines , one of the languages used in the Philippines is Arabic .
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico which is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico .
Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched from the ELA - 3 launchpad at the Guiana Space Centre .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as a member of the House of Representatives .
Gettysburg , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which falls under the category of contributing property .
Ahmed Ertegun plays rock and roll music and started out as a non performing personnel . He originated from Washington D . C , United States .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight - four engine and two doors . Its final year of production was 1958 .
English is spoken in Singapore where beef kway teow is a dish .
The Cornish language is still spoken in England where one can find Dead Man ' s Plack . One of the ethnic groups to be found in England is that of the British Arabs .
Abel Hernández belongs to the Uruguay Olympic team and U . S . Città di Palermo , which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini . He has played for Central Español in the Uruguayan Segunda División .
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken and where the dish Beef kway teow is from .
With an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 kilometres per second , 1097 Vicia , has a periapsis of 279142000000 . Its epoch date is 2006 . 12 . 31 and it has a periapsis of , 279142000000 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ' s assembly line is in Italy .
Andrew Rayel is associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . Mr . Rayel plays Trance music which originated from house music .
Adams County , Pennsylvania lies to the northwest of Carroll County , Maryland and south of Cumberland County . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
Appletone International Airport city served Appleton , Wisconsin .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean War . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers , the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules as a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon as a fighter .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight which performs black metal music . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) comes under the academic discipline of paleontology .
Alan Shepard was a US astronaut . born in New Hampshire in 1959 . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . In 1959 he was selected by NASA . Alan Shepard died in California .
Ann Arbor is located in part of Washtenaw County in Spanish speaking Michigan . The County is located within the United States and has the capital of Lansing .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . C . Milan and is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team , which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
The American submarine NR - 1 was launched in January 25th 1969 .
Evangelos Venizelos is Prime Minister Antonis Samaras ' deputy while Adonis Georgiadis was under office .
Minna born Abdulsalami Abubakar , who studied at the Technical Institute , Kaduna , was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo .
Abilene , Texas is part of Texas .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and they were in the 2014 season .
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University in the state of New York .
AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , is powered by the Caterpillar Inc . engine . Caterpiller Inc . was founded in California , USA and is currently located in Illinois .
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 .
Infraero is located in Brasilia and operates Afonso Pena International Airport . This airport serves Curitiba which is part of the state of Parana .
Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine , is is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too and one of its ingredients is Tapioca .
Abner W . Sibal served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War .
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has a mass of 9 . 8kg .
Allen Forrest plays Hip Hop music which originated from Funk . Drum and bass gets its sounds from Hip Hop .
Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Sedan body style .
Both Airey Neave and Benito Mussolini ( commander ) , participated in World War II .
Narendra Modi is the leader of India .
AIP Advances ( abbreviation : AIP Adv ) was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who went to Stanford University and lives in the U . S .
Ska punk originated from punk rock music .
Vice President Mike Akhigbe ' s predecesor was Oladipo Diya . Mr . Akigbe was in office alongside Abdulsalami Abubakar .
Musician , Aaron Deer plays the guitar and is of the musical genre , indie rock . Indie rock has its stylistic origins in Garage rock .
American Buzz Aldrin , who is now retired , was a fighter pilot who helped crew Apollo 11 . He was born on January 20th , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D . in 1963 .
Alan Bean was an American , who was born in Wheeler , Texas .
Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago , Illinois , United States . Chicago is the location of 300 North LaSalle , which has 60 floors .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University of Romania has the latin name Universitas Apulensis .
Atlantic City in New Jersey is led by Don Guardian and served by Atlantic City International airport , Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc . which is located in Peoria , Illinois . Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in the United States , has Douglas R . Oberhelman as a key person .
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is " Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl " , they have 5300 members and played in the 2014 season .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which also starred Maya Rudolph .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Cattalonia region of Spain . The country ' s main ethnic group are the Spaniards and its leader is Felipe VI .
The population of the United States are Americans and includes the ethnic group of African Americans . The country is the location of Angola which is located in Pleasant Township , part of Steuben County in Indiana .
An exponent of Milonga , Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and is part of the record label , RCA Records .
Spacewatch discovered , ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , which has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 . Additionally , it has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an apoapsis of , 259776702 . 47055 kilometers .
The AMC Matador is made by American Motors who were acquired by Chrysler .
Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina . His genre is Trance music which has its origins in Pop music .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was produced in print .
The book A Long Long Way was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Alan Shepard was born on 1923 - 11 - 18 .
Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , in New York city . He died on 1896 - 02 - 01 , in the New Mexico Territory , in the United States .
Abdul Taib Mahmud of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , was suceeded by Adenan Satem . He was born in the kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Kuching .
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . graduated with an M . S . from AFIT in 1962 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Phillippines . It includes coconut milk and sago .
Akeem Adams is in the W Connection FC club .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a Contributing Property erected in 2000 , and located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Andrew White plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs .
Neptun Werft is in Germany .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and is the author or Weymouth Sands . The book is a sequel to A Glastonbury Romance and is followed by Maiden Castle .
ALVX - 1 is from the US where Native Americans are an ethnic group and Americans live .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh , which is the location of Agra airport at an elevation of 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
The Alvis Speed 25 has a 31 . 48 tax hp engine .
Brown sauce can be added to a bacon sandwich and its nicknames include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
110 Lydia has a rotational period of 39332 . 9 and its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran , who is a member of the Calcio Cantania and plays at the Carrarese Calcio .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendor and lived in the Netherlands . His alma mater was the Radboud University Nijmegen and he worked as a member of the House of Representatives .
Batagor ( Indonesia ) , a variant on Shumai and Siomay , contains peanut sauce .
Frank de Boer once played for the Netherlands national football team and FC Barcelona . He now plays for Al - Shamal Sports Club and manages AFC Ajax .
AEK Athens F . C , member of the Superleague of Greece , has its ground in Athens .
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in French speaking Belgium .
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA ( A . C . Lumezzane ) has 4150 members and plays in the Lega Pro league .
Dick Dillin and Len Wein created the character Aurakles .
A nice confectionery dessert is Sandesh , and also Binignit which contains coconut milk .
The celestial body known as 1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171 kelvins and an apoapsis of 511592000 kilometres .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265 kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
The leader of the United Kingdom is David Cameron .
Sanesh is a dessert , as is Baked Alaska , which can be found in the US , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , Aarhus Airport , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway named 10R / 28L .
An ingredient of bakewell tart is shortcrust pastry .
Akeem Dent ' s position is a linebacker .
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S . p . A . , they have 47290 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont . She worked as the secretary of State of Vermont and she was also a Baptist .
Banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students and is located in Denmark .
The English language is spoken in Singapore , which is where Tony Tan is the leader . It is also where the dish Beef kway teow ( which is also popular in Indonesia ) comes from .
Anderson is part of Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Led by the California State Assembly , Anaheim , is part of California , in the U . S .
These books were written in the following order - Castle , Aenir , Above the Veil , Into Battle and then The Violet Keystone .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the Spanish language is spoken , the capital city is Austin and the local inhabitants are known as Tejano .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Tyrol .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 , in Dallas . He attended the University of Texas at Austin , and joined NASA in 1962 . See died in St . Louis .
Am . J . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics whose EISSN number is 1080 .
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia , a celestial body formally known as 1967 ED , is 27 June 2015 .
Juan Peron ' s spouse is Eva Peron .
Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
On 27 June 2015 the celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia , formerly known as 1967 ED , was discovered . It has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where there are many Asian Americans .
Addiction Journal , abbreviated to Addiction , is about addiction .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in the Punjab , Pakistan . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are in the Jinnah International Airport .
William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , was a fighter pilot a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew .
The area codes for Arlington , Texas are 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 , 972 and the total area is 258 . 2 square kilometres . The area of water within Arlington is 82 . 8 sq km and it is 184 above sea level . The population density is 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The birth place of Adam Koc was Suwalki .
Aaron Deer plays keyboard in indie rock which has origins in Garage Rockand New Wave music .
Blues musician Ahmet Ertegun ' s background is as a non performing artist .
103 Colmore Row ( located in Birmingham , England ) has 23 floors , work started on the building in 1973 and finished in 1976 .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam and he was awarded the Purple Heart . The Battle of Antietam was part of the American Civil War whose commander was Robert E . Lee .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , US , which is part of New Netherland . Brooklyn is one part of New York City .
The DeSoto Custom was manufactured at DeSoto and is a a similar means of transportation as the Dodge Coronet and the 1955 Dodge .
Alberto Teisaire ' s place of death was Buenos Aires , the leader of which , is Gabriela Michetti .
The Aston Martin Virage , successor to the Aston Martin V8 , was manufactured ( and is relative to ) the Aston Martin DBS .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , built in 1911 , is located at U . S . Route 83 .
The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
India which is known for the river Ganges is also home to the state of Kerala which is positioned with Mahe to it ' s northeast and is governed by Kochi . Kerala is also where the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor . The college currently has 250 members of staff .
Anaheim is in Orange County , California , United States .
William M . O . Dawson died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
In United States , Cook County , Illinois part Chicago where Susana Mendoza is the leader and also has place 300 North LaSalle which has 60 Floors .
A Wizard of Mars comes from the U . S . and is published in English . Barack Obama leads the U . S . African Americans are an ethnic group in that country .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader and Spanish is spoken . The population are known as Spaniards .
Agnes Kant is a Netherlands national and is a member of the Socialist Party here which has Emile Roemer as a leader . The currency here is the euro .
The California State Senate leads Anaheim , Orange County , California and it is located at the State Capitol .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is academically focused on Paleontology and has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . It has the LCCN number of 60040714 and the ISSN number is 0567 - 7920 .
Addis Ababa Stadium is situated in Addis Ababa .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis , which has 1500 members , is in the league EPSTH 2nd GROUP and their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
In Tirstrup , Denmark , there is an airport call Aarhus Airport . It ' s in the central region of Denmark , which is led ` by Margrethe II and Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge .
Born in Italy , Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania . He also has managed AC Chievo Verona , and plays for Carrarese Calcio .
John N Dempsey was preceded by Abraham A Ribicoff , who was born in New Britain , Connecticut , and worked as Governor of Connecticut .
A commander in World War II was Benito Mussolini .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka state , that has to its northeast Telangana . The institute was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by all India Council for Technical Education , that is located in Mumbai . Tennis is a sport Governing body International Tennis Federation and is one of the sports offered by Acharya Institute of Technology .
Yemi Osinbajo is a leader in Nigeria .
The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War , and now it operates the Al Asad airbase . One of its fighter aircraft is named the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon .
African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States which is where Abraham A . Ribicoff was born . His nationality is American and his wife is Casey Ribicoff .
The book " A Glastonbury Romance " was followed by " Weymouth Sands " .
Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members and the chairman is Dave Laughlin .
The character Ben Urich , was created by Gene Colan .
Albennie Jones is a solo singer and performs jazz music .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is in the Jinnah International Airport , and operate Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The Pakistan leader is named Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
The birth place of Graeme Garden is Aberdeen .
Synthpop musician Alex Day was born in the United Kingdom , where the capital is London . Synthpop derives from pop and house music .
Nikolai Chernykh was the discoverer of 11264 Claudiomaccone .
ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 mm in length and was built by Montreal Locomotive Works . The total production amount for this engine is 1418 .
Batagor and Siomay are variations of the same dish .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event .
Ace Wilder plays Hip Hop music . Disco and Drum and bass are derived from that kind of music .
Lemon is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa , a traditional dish from the Paisa region of Colombia .
One of the main ingredients of Binignit , along with Banana , is the sweet potato which belongs to the group of flowering plants ( Solanales ) .
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense .
Adisham Halls Architectural style ` is Tudor and Jacabian .
Bacon explosion is a dish that originated in the United States , where Barack Obama is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The country of Akron , Ohio , is United States , the capital of which , is Washington , D . C .
Allen Forrest plays Rhythm and Blues , which originated from the blues .
Almond is part of the order of Rosids .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and his club is Central FC .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 . It has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for U . C . Sampdoria , which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and the chairman is Silvio Berlusconi . A . C . Milanis the current club of Alessio Romagnoli .
There are 700 postgraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 in Bangalore .
Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in this country .
British , N . R . Pogson , the discoverer of 107 Camilla , died in Chennai .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman FC . He also plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC , in Al Khor , where Amar Osim is the manager .
Marv Wolfman was awarded the Inkpot Award .
Batchoy is a dish eaten in the Phillipines , where Philippine English is the official language and where Philippine Spanish is also spoken . Ethnic groups from the Philippines include the Ilocano people and the Igorot people .
Gerard Larcher is the leader of France .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama ( former name : " A894 VA ; A904 VD ; " ) was on 26 November 2005 and its apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 and is a United States national . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and later became a test pilot and joined NASA in 1962 . He died on 28 February 1966 .
Aaron Hunt plays for Goslarer SC 08 .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region .
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia . It is made with avocado , a member of the Lauraceae family and Laurales plant order .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . During his lifetime he won 20 awards , was picked by NASA in 1963 to crew Apollo 11 and in 1963 graduated from MIT with a Doctorate in Science .
The leader of Switzerland , which has the Swiss Psalm as its national anthem , is Johan Schneider - Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio .
1967 ED was the former name of 1000 Piazzia .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 and is located on U . S . Route 83 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 with the reference number 88002539 .
The United States was the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain , who fought in the American Civil War . A commander in the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis .
The book , 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , comes from the United States , whose capital is Washington , D . C . , and has Native Americans as one of its ethnic groups .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala and also for FC Spartak Moscow who play at the Otkrytiye Arena .
The AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) complete name is the " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs . They play in the Topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season and have 5000 memberrs .
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar , Straus and Giroux who published A severed wasp .
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 , and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv , which is managed by Oleh Luzhny .
The book " A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press .
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Okeh Records .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . , or A . S Roma for short , has the Stadio Olimpico as its ground and 70634 members . A . S . Roma played in Serie A in 2014 - 15 .
Adam McQuaid weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms and was born on Prince Edward Island in 1986 .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is part of DuPage County , Illinois , USA . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago .
Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson whose alma mater is the University of Michigan . Mr . Watson died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Elliot See was a US national , who was born in Dallas . He died in St . Louis on the 28th February 1966 .
The English speaking United States is home to the U . S . Congress ' House of Representatives and Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street .
Allen Forrest became active in 2005 and his musical genre is hip hop .
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are both leaders in Singapore , a country where Standard Chinese is spoken . Beef Kway Teow is made in Singapore and also in Indonesia .
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 , an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove California . It was constructed in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , is located within the United States , whose capital city is Washington D . C . The biggest city in the U . S . is New York City .
The College of William and Mary own Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way , Virginia . The Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 and was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus in Denmark and currently has 737 members of staff . The school is affiliated with the European University Association which has it ' s headquarters in Brussels .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is part of Bernalillo County in the United States and is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives . English is spoken in the U . S .
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force .
Christian Panucci was attached to the Real Madrid CF club .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States which has as its capital Washington D . C .
AS Roma play in Serie A which have Juventus FC as previous champions . AS Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy and they have 70634 members .
The Bacon Explosion originates from the United States and its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
Alessio Romagnoli , who plays for A . C . Milan , was born in Italy and played for the Italy national under 16 football team .
1418 ALCO RS - 3s were built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and had a length of 17068 . 8 mms .
The 5 . 4metre diameter Ariane 5 , manufactured by the European Space Agency , was initially launched from the Guiana Space Centre on August 11th 2005 and had its final flight on the 18th of December 2009 .
Jens Hartel has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig and his club is Berliner AK07 . He is currently part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin and manages FC Magdeburg .
Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in Canada which is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Ticino has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand ( which is 34 meters above sea level ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 518 . 0 .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad at Guiana Space Centre . The Guiana Space Centre ' s headquarters are located in Kourou , French Guiana .
Albany , Oregon is in the U . S . , as is Salem , the capital of Oregon . Some Native Americans live in the United States of America .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where Athens is the capital and both Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutis are leaders .
The manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge is the company Dodge .
Adam Koc fought in WWI .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup .
The full name of A . C . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . and they have 39371 members while their home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States and is written in English .
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spain and it contains garlic . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud , was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka , which is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe .
The AIDAluna is 252m long and is a Sphinx class cruise ship .
The city of Austin , ( Travis County ) , Texas is part of Hays County whose largest city is San Marcos .
Alan Shepard , born 18th of November 1923 in New Hampshire , passed away in California . He was a graduate of NWC , M . A . ( class of 1957 ) .
Al Anderson is a rock musician who plays guitar for the NRBQ band . Bhangra music is a fusion of rock music .
Singer , Aaron Turner , is an artist for the band Isis . He is a performer of the musical genre Post metal and performed for House of Low Culture .
Alan Bean is retired .
Located in Spata and serving the city of Athens , is Athens International Airport . This airport has a runway length of 3 , 800 and has an elevation of 94 metres above sea level .
Al Anderson from NRBQ band was born on 1947 - 03 - 13 .
Amharic is the language of Ethiopia , which is led by Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn and the location of Addis Ababa City Hall in Addis Ababa .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the A . C . Milan club which plays in the Serie A league .
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg which has Dieter Hecking as its manager . Mr . Hunt also plays with SV Werder Bremen II which is in the 3 Liga league .
The Antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system built by Orbital ATK and launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The stylistic origin of rock and roll is country music .
The Indian air force is the operating organisation of Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh ( led by Ram Naik ) which is part of Awadh . They deploy the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi . He plays the Blues and has a background as a solo singer .
Ireland is located within Europe .
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes and operates the ELA - 3 , which is the launchsite of Ariane at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou , French Guiana .
Mayer Werft is located in Papenburg and built the AIDAstella which is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere .
23900 member club A . C . Cesena plays in Italy in Serie B .
" A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , of which English is the language .
Aasron Hunt played for the SV Werder Bremen club and currently for VfL Wolfsburg which is managed by Dieter Hecking .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west .
Akron Summit Assault ( managed by Denzil Antonio ) , has 3000 members and was in the 2011 season .
Rhythm and blues artist Ahmet Ertegun is from the U . S . , home to African Americans . R & B is the origin of disco .
Serie D champions include S S Robur Siena .
Aaron Turner performs electroacoustic music and sings for a living .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published in English by Soho Press . It originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Albuquerque is part of New Mexico and the Navajo language , is one of the languages spoken in New Mexico . The leader of the United States is called the President of the United States which is Barack Obama .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain where Spanish is spoken .
Barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs .
Anaheim , Orange County , California is led by the United States House of Representatives , which is located in Washington DC .
The ALCO RS - 3 is built by the American Locomotive Company . It was produced between May 1950 and May 1956 . It has a four - stroke engine and a disel - electric transmission .
Synthpop originated from Disco .
David Cameron is leader of the UK where the English language is spoken and the capital is London . The country is the location of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who publish the AIDS ( journal ) .
Shumai and Batagor are variations of the Siomay dish .
A Wizard of Mars was published by Harcourt .
Airey Neave was in World War II , where one of the commanders was , Chiang Kai - shek .
Jan Duursema has won the Eisner Award .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria - Hungary .
Rostock based Neptun Werft built the A - Rosa Luna . Rostock is in Germany , where the capital is Berlin .
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , in the United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
66391 199 KW4 has an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) and a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and played in the 2014 - 15 Serie A season .
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia was formerly called A911 MD , its epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade whose alma mater was the University of Gottingen . He died in Gottingen . He had a doctoral student named Halton Arp .
Abu Zahar Ujang is the name of the leader of Malaysia .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S , where Auburn , Alabama is located and Asian Americans are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
William anders spent 8820 minutes in space .
The A . C . Lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro League .
Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the Union Army that fought in the American Civil War . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in that war .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the bodhran and performs folk music .
Julia Morgan ( born San Francisco ) designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and also Asilomar State Beach .
2009 began the career of Trance musician Andrew Rayel . He is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine and Mark Sima .
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office , and is comparable to the Delta II , from the United States . The Antares rocket is launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Albennie Jones plays blues music .
The alternative name of the Alfa Romeo 164 is the Alfa Romeo 168 .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . The leader of Turkey is Artur Rasizade .
Alfred Garth Jones , of the U . K . has his final resting place in Sidcup , London . London is led by Boris Johnson and the European Parliament .
James Craig Watson died in Madison , Wisconsin and discovered 103 Hera .
The US is home to Asian Americans and is the origin place of A Severed Wasp . Washington , D . C . is the capital .
Aaron Deer is a singer who performs Psychedelia music .
Abdul Taid Mahmud , whose party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides at Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . It is identified by the ISSN number of " 1732 - 2421 " and the LCCN number of 60040714 . It also has the CODEN code of " APGPAC " .
Ajoblanco is from Spain where Spanish is spoken and the Euro is the currency . Felipe VI is the head of state .
Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis . in Indiana . He is a performer of the music genre , Indie rock and has a background as a solo singer .
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales ( in the Countyof Derbyshire ) which is where Bakewell pudding originates from . A variation on the pudding is Bakewell tart which has Frangipane as an ingredient .
The length of the runway at Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is 4100 . 0 .
The Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard . It is Wärtsilä powered , 99 . 83 metres in length and has a ship beam of 21 . 2m .
Number 39 in the draft pick , Akeem Ayers ' s current and former team is , the Los Angeles Rams .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Tom Tomsk .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a width of 1 . 55 m .
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia but is specifically found in Java . The leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom , the country where Alex Day was born . Alex Day performs Synthpop music which is derived from house music and has its stylistic origins in pop music .
The leader in Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian .
The alma mater of Ab Klink is Erasmus University in Rotterdam .
Aenir was written after Castle .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New York region .
The United States , ( capital Washington DC ) , is the location of the county of Texas , where Spanish is spoken . Texas is where you will find Amarillo , which is part of Potter County .
ACF Fiorentina fullname is ACF Fiorentina S . p . A , they have 47290 members and competed in the 2014 season .
Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham .
The tomato is of the order Solanales .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ( Italy ) play in Serie D . S . S . Robur Siena are champions of that serie . Pietro Grasso leads Italy . Italian is the language spoken in Italy .
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and the author was Diane Duane .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which is a dish popular in Singapore .
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which is a form of pop music derived from house music .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre which is from the Catalonia region , in Spain .
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia , where the Javanese dish Arem - arem is commonly served and the Indonesian rupiah is the local currency .
Two ingredients for Binignit is Taro and sweet potato .
Baked Alaska is from China .
English is spoken in Michigan , in the United States . Ann Arbor , is part of Washtenaw County , in Michigan , the capital of which is Lansing .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter .
" Drake Stevens , known as Airman , was created by George Kapitan .
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040 and its epoch is on 13 January 2016 .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis , which has a mass of 5 . 7kg , is 31 December 2006 .
Andra , the musical pop dance , solo singer , was born in Campia Turzii in 1986 . She started her career as solo singer . Later included dance pop as part of her musical genre .
Perth is in Australia .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , with Paul Ryan being the President of the United States .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and is a dessert you can eat warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . The ingredients include ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
Barny cakes come from France where French is the national language .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , in Uruguay , the leaders of which , are Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and Tabaré Vázquez .
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis , part of greater St Louis and the French First Republic and led by Francis G slay .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party , the colour of which , is blue . Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Evangelos Venizelos was his deputy .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader .
An ethnic group of the United States is Asian Americans .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , well known for the Purple finch , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal ( United States Navy ) and the higher Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of protein and 18 . 0g of carbohydrates .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club and for Al Kharaitiyat SC , whose ground is Al Khor .
The Antares rocket launch site was the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport . It is comparable with the Delta II which originates from the United States and was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria .
Indiana is in the U . S .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s was one of the team ' s Defenders .
Alan B Miller Hall ( which was inaugurated on 2009 - 10 - 02 ) has the address " 101 Ukrop Way " .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and belongs to the party of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak .
Written in English , Above the Veil followed the book Aenir which has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Austin , Texas , is in the United States , a country in which one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans and in which the leader is called the President of the United States .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Baked Alaska can both be served as a dessert . The latter dish comes from France where the French language is spoken .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an epoch date of 410777 2009 FD is 27 June 2015 . 410777 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 . and periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is a member of the order of Poales and in the class of Monocotyledon .
Hip Hop music , which includes Gangsta Rap , utilizes drum and bass . It is the genre of Ace Wilder .
Cornell University in New York is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s birthplace was Niger State and his alma mater was the Technical Institute , Kaduna . He was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria and his successor was Al - Amin Daggash .
( 66391 ) 1994 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0 and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km .
109 Felicitas has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 , orbital period of 139705000 , apoapsis of 523329000 , and its epoch is on the 31st of December , 2006 .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight , a Black metal music band . Death metal music is a fusion of Black Metal .
The AIDAstella is owed by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruise Line located in Rostock .
Akeem Adams ' birthplace was Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago .
Asser Levy Public baths are in Manhattan , New York City , New York .
Texas is in the United States .
Albany is in Oregon in the U . S . where African Americans are part of an ethnic group .
English is the language of the United States where A Wizard of Mars was published . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s height is 178 . 0 cm , his club is FC Karpaty Lviv and he is a member of the Georgia national football team .
Dick Dillin , an american along with Len Wein were the creators of Aurakles , a fictional character .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an average speed of 4 . 56 km per second . It has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
Erasmus University in Rotterdam is affiliated to the Association of MBAs and is Ab Klink ' s alma mater . He was born in the Netherlands and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal Party .
Albert Jennings Fountain worked as President pro tempore of the Texas Senate .
Allan Shivers was a part of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur . Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr . succeeded him .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is categorised as contributing property and located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . This county is south of Cumberland County and northwest of Carroll County , Maryland .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria whose language is Austrian German and died in Graz . The leader of Austria is Doris Bures .
English is spoken in Great Britain .
Switzerland ' s leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , .
The founder of Springer Science and Business Media is Julius Springer .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F . C . club , and plays for Ferencvarosi TC . The manager of Ferencvarosi TC is Thomas Doll and they play in the Palo Seco Velodrome .
Anders Osborne is a rock music singer signed to Rabadash Records and associated with Johnny Sansone . Bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , also known as the Alfa Romeo 168 , is an executive class car which has a straight - four engine .
1264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . Its epoch date is 26 November 2005 .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and was the Parliamentary group leader .
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
The AMC Matador was assembled in Mexico City .
The Antares rocket , was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport , its final flight was on , 2014 - 10 - 28 .
Helmut Jahn is the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which was begun in 1978 and completed in 1983 with 20 floors .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . It contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as its main ingredients .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy . The capital of the country is Rome and it ' s leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar .
Abraham A . Ribicoff birthplace is the U . S . and he died in New York City .
Auburn Alabama has a total area of 140 . 8 Sq Km and a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Auburn is located in Alabama in the U . S . Native Americans are one ethnic group in the United States .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War .
AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan .
Akeem Ayers , born July 10th , 1989 , started his career in 2011 , making his debut for the Tennessee Titans . He also used to play for St Louis Rams .
Baked Alaska , made with ice cream is from the US .
Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q is a Sage publication for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University , LCCN number 57059226 , ISSN number 0001 - 8392 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is based in the city of Aarhus , Denmark and is affiliated to the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels . The University was established in 1928 and the current Dean is Thomas Pallesen .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia in the United States . Atlanta is the biggest city in Fulton County . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
The epoch of 1089 Tama - formerly known as " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " is 2005 - 11 - 26 and its escape velocity is 0 . 0068 kilometres per second . It has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and its apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
Spaniard Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain who succeeded Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Ground meat is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia where Ayam penyet is a popular dish .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is an American .
AZ Alkmaar ' s fullname is Alkmaar Zaanstreek .
The language of Ethiopia is Amharic and the Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia .
Blackpool is where AFC Blackpool ' s ground is located and where the leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ) . AFC Blackpool has been managed by Stuart Parker who has previous played for Blackburn Rovers FC and KV Mechelen .
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece , the colour of which is blue . He was in office when Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister with Evangelos Venizelos as deputy . Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
The runway length at Aarhus airport is 2777 . 0 .
The manager of SV Werder Bremen II is Alexander Nouri .
British man N . R . Pogson , who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai , was the discoverer of 107 Camilla . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Member of the Hellenic Parliament , Adonis Georgiadis , was born in Athens . Greece .
Adisham Hall , completed in 1931 in the architectural Tudor Revival style , is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States . The language of the country is English and one of it ' s ethnic groups is Asian American .
With a total area of 45 . 97 Sq Km , Albany ( Oregon ) , has a population density of , 1104 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . Albany ; is 64 , 008 metres above sea level , has a water area of 0 , 54 square kilometres , and the area codes , 541 and 458 .
The language of Great Britain is English and this is used by the writer of A Loyal Character Dancer . The book is published by Soho Press in the United States where the ethnic group of Native Americans can be found .
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthave A / S and the length of the runway is 2776 . 0 .
109 Felicitas , with a rotation period of 47487 . 6 , has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine , uses a 3 - speed automatic transmission , has a hardtop and is sometimes known as the Dodge Coronet .
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kg and an apoapsis of 523329000 km .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Mendrisio , Switzerland . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . It was established in 1996 .
The birthplace of Adam Holloway is Faversham and he now lives in Gravesend .
Bakewell Tart ( or Bakewell Pudding ) is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region . It includes shortcrust pastry . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales .
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Funk .
Banana leaf is an ingredient of arem arem which originates from Indonesia .
Abner W . Sibal ' s who was born at Ridgewood , Queens , worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and he represented Connecticut ' s 4th Congressional District . Abner W . Sibal ' s successor was Donald J . Irwin .
The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visesvaraya Technological Univerrsity is located in the city of Bangalore in Karnataka state . This state has the Arabian Sea to the west .
AC Cesana play in Serie B and their ground is in Cesena .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he resides in Sarawak . He is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party and he represented Asajaya .
The Arrow is otherwise known as Ralph Payne .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is the Tamil language .
The Guiana Space Centre ( located in Kourou , French Guiana ) is the site of the ELA - 3 . ELA - 3 , which is the launch site of the Ariane 5 , is operated by Arianespace ( located in the city of CourCouronnes ) .
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Alan Bean is a test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 crew , which was commanded by David Scott . Alfred Worden was an Apollo 12 backup pilot .
The average speed of 10 Hygiea is 16 . 76 km per secs and it has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and Annibale de Gasparis discovered it . Its epoch date was on June 27th 2015 and it has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
Pacific Grove , California is in the United States .
Adolf Scharf , born in Austria - Hungary , was in office while Adolf Scharf was President .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , where Amarillo , Texas can be found .
Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka .
The Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City , N . J .
Footballer , Abner plays for the club , Real Madrid Castilla .
The AIDAstella service began on March 17th 2013 with the christening date of 2013 - 03 - 16 and is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
The Antares rocket made its first flight on April 21 , 2013 and its final flight on the 18th of September 2013 . . It is manufactured by Orbital ATK and has a diametre of 3 . 9 metres . It was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Auburn forms part of Pierce County , Washington , in the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC .
The governing body of Birmingham is Birmingham City Council .
London is the capital city in the UK where David Cameron is a leader . The country is where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who are owned by parent company Wolters Kluwer .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the President is Barack Obama . One of the ethnic groups in the US are the Native Americans .
The 1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 , an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km and an epoch date of the 31st July 2016 .
Aenir was written by Australians . It was preceded by the novel Castle and followed by Above the Veil .
1 . FC Koln , whose manage is peter Stoger , participated in 2014 and now have 50000 members .
Part of Indiana , the city of Anderson , has an elevation of 268 metres above sea level . Anderson has an area of 107 . 43 square kilometres , and a population density of 523 . 9 people per square kilometer .
Alex Day plays Folk music with the band Chameleon Circuit . Alex is associated with Charlie McDonnell , musician .
AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , in the UK . English is the language there , and previous leader was David Cameron .
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company .
Alison O ’ Donnell was in the bands Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet . Her genre is Psychedelic folk .
Michele Marcolini has been the manager of AC Lumezzane and his club is A . C . Chievo Verona but he plays for Atalanta B . C .
The AMC Matador is assembled in Thames , New Zealand and its alternative name is VAM Classic . The AMC Matador has a Coupé style body and is equipped with an AMC V8 engine . .
The population density , of Austin ( Texas ) , is 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College in Cambridge . He began his career on 5 May 2005 and served in the Grenadier guards .
The rotation period of 10 Hygiea is 198803 . 0 and it has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 .
The density of ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , is 1890 . 0 kilogram Per Cubic Metres .
James Craig Watson , who is a Canadian national and discovered 101 Helena , died in Madison , Wisconsin from peritonitis .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , born in Miri , Malaysia , was succeeded by , Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Asser Levy Public Baths , which was built in 1904 , is located in Avenue A , Manhattan .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan , the largest city in that state is , Detroit .
Magdalene College Cambridge alum and Tory member Adam Holloway , was born in Kent , United Kingdom .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is leader .
A lemon is included in the order of Sapindales .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University was established in 2000 . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
AZAL PFK play out of the AZAL Arena in the Azerbaijan Premier League , of which Qarabag FK are currently champions .
The predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain , who reigned whilst Abel Caballero was in office , was Francisco Franco .
The journal Addiction , which is abbreviated to Addicition , had the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 and LCCN number 93645978 and is published by Wiley Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction .
Spain is the birthplace of Albel Caballero .
Italian born , Alessio Romagnoli , played for the Italian national under 16 football team and is a member of A . S . Roma .
Anaheim is in Orange County , Los Angeles , California , United States , where the leader is called the President of the United States . The total area for Anaheim is 131 . 6 square kilometres .
Alfred Moore Scales battled in the American Civil War .
The Abarth foundation was founded in Italy by Carlo Abarth . It manufactured the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé which was designed by Gruppo Bertone .
Aleksandra Kovač ' s began her music career in 1990 in Pop music . A fusion of Pop music is Disco .
Gordon Marsden is a leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool is located . The club is managed by Stuart Parker whose club was Stockport County but he now plays for Runcorn FC Halton .
The commander of the Gulf War was George H . W . Bush .
The celestial body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18 . 29km / s .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 , had its maiden flight on the 4th of June , 1996 and its final flight on the 18th of December 2009 . It was made by ESA and Arianespace .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team and then for the FC Rubin Kazan and the FC Terek Grozny ( managed by Rashid Rakhimov ) . The youth team plays at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Airey Neave began his career on March 4th 1974 .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language and comes from the U . S . One of the ethnic groups in the U . S . are White Americans .
Located in the municipality of Gettysburg , which is in Adams County , Pennsylvania , the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 , and is categorized as a Contributing Property .
The area codes in Atlanta are 404 , 678 , and 470 .
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca .
The leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , United States .
Arros negre contains white rice as an ingredient and it comes from Spain .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense , nicknamed Alvinegro , has 17000 members .
The population density of Alexandria , Indiana is 755 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranac Lake ( Harrietsown ) and Lake Placid , both in New York , United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is also where the Church of Denmark is located .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , whose governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council .
Adam Holloway was involved in the Gulf War where George H . W . Bush was a commander .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has a density of 3 . 5 kilograms .
Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963 , was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and is retired .
The architect of 300 North LaSalle , Illinois is Pickard Chilton .
2368 . 05 days is the orbital period of 107 Camilla .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci , who is in the A . S . Roma club , and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club .
The Italy assembled Alfa Romeo 164 , the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 are all related .
St . Vincent St . Mary High School is located in Summit County , Ohio in the United States . The Akron Summit Assault ground is at this high school .
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and is located in E11 .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka .
Kempe Gowda I was the founder of Bangalore .
Apollo 12 was a NASA operated mission comanded by David Scott . Alan Bean , who graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree , served as a crew member but is now retired . Alfred Worden served as backup pilot of Apollo 12 .
Ahmet Ertegun who is non performing personnel , is from ] Washington D . C . , United States . His music genre for blues .
Lamborghini is a subsidiary and Audi e - tron a division of Audi , which was founded by August Horch and is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 .
The impact factor of AIP Advances , abbreviated to AIP Adv . , is 1 . 524 .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer .
Alan Bean who was born in the USA and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BS degree , is now retired .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V - 2 ship ' s beam measures 24 . 4 .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad .
Arròs negre is from Spain , where Spaniards live .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed with Osmosys Records .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in India . Its president is B . M . Reddy and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . The institute is an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University , which is located in the city of Belgaum .
Akron , Ohio is part of the United States and African Americans are an ethnic group within the U . S .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard are based in Helsinki and built the Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker .
Luanda is served by Angola International Airport which is located at 159 meters above sea level in Icolo e Bengo . The runway , known as " south runway " is 3800 . 0 in length .
The International Tennis Federation is the governing body of tennis .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , which leader is Jusuf Kalla , the capital is Jakarta and the language is Indonesian .
Albany in Benton County , Oregon , is part of the U . S . The country is home to Native Americans and Americans .
Alan Bean ' s retirement was in June 1981 .
Adam Holloway began his career on 5 May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards . He fought in the Gulf War during which one of the commanders was Colin Powell .
The Alhambra , owned by the London based P & O Company , has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , is located on Asilomar Blvd , in Pacific Grove , California . They were constructed in the American Craftsman style in 1913 , and has been added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February , 1987 ( reference number 87000823 ) .
1101 Clematis has a temperature of 155 . 0 kelvins .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre and is operated by , Arianespace .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense club has 17000 members and are managed by Vica .
The AI Asad Airbase ' s runway name is " 09L / 27R " .
1928 SJ was the former name of 1101 Clematis , which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
The orbital period of 109 Felicitas is 139705000 . 0 .
Adams County Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwest and Carroll County to the southeast .
The first runway at Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport is made from asphalt .
Barny cakes , which are made from sponge cake , come from France .
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gerard Larcher .
United States House of Representatives is part of United States Congress .
AEK Athens FC have their home ground at the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . They have 69618 members and played in the Superleague Greece in the 2014 season .
Attica , Indiana is part of the United States .
Elliot See who was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas , went on to graduate from the University of Texas which is affiliated to the university of the Texas system . Sadly he died in St Louis .
Abner is a footballer who has represented the Brazil national under 20 team and also played for Real Madrid Castilla .
US national Elliot See from Dallas attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system . The University of Texas , Austin , will compete in the Big 12 Conference .
Binignit should be served as the dessert course , as should cookies .
United States Air Force ' s aircraft fighter is called McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle .
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and their ground is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
Alfa Romeo 164 ( alternative name Alfa Romeo 168 ) , is considered a mid - size luxury executive car . It has a Straight four engine and has a 4 - speed automatic ( ZF 4HP18QE ) transmission .
Aaron Bertram is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and plays for the Suburban Legends band . Suburban Legend performs pop music and has trombonist Brian Robertson as a member .
MTU Friedrichshafen is in Friedrichshafen and made the engines that power the A - Rosa Luna built on the Neptun Werft .
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport , Agra .
The film , Big hero 6 , stars Scott Adsit .
Akita is located in Japan .
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy , where Italian is spoken , Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rock and roll but has a no - performing background .
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews and is located in Texas at 973 metres above sea level . It has a runway named 11 / 39 that is 8 . 0 in length .
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand . Also in Uttar Pradesh is Agra Airport which is operated by the Airports Authority of India .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the clarinet , which is used in jazz music , a derivative of which is funk .
The city of Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group .
Sergi Mattarella and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy , where the capital is Rome , Italian is the language spoken and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
Anders Osborne is signed to the record Blues label Alligator Records based in Chicago . Tab Benoit is associated with Anders Osborne who signed for Shanachie Records .
Icolo e bengo is part of Luanda Province , Angola and is the location of Angola International airport where the runway is known as " south runway " .
3XN was the architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethopia ' s Addis Ababa , which is run by Mulatu Teshome .
11264 Claudiomaccone has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , an average speed of 18 . 29 kms per second and its epoch date was on 26 November 2005 . It has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and its apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
Population density in Auburn , Alabama is 368 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Baked Alaska is either from France or New York . The main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) .
The parent company of Costa Crociere is Carnival Corporation & plc .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and an academic staff of 100 . Switzerland ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Baked Alaska is a dish in China .
Anaheim is in Orange County , California , U . S . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , which has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
AMC Matador was assembled in the USA including in the model year 1971 . It is a relative means of transportation with the AMC Ambassador .
Amsterdam airport , Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has runway 18C / 36C Zwamemburgbaan that is 2014 . 0 long .
Auburn , Alabama is in the United States where the official language is English .
Aaron Deer , a singer , performs Psychedelia music .
Buzz Aldrin , as part of the NASA operated Apollo 11 program , spent 52 minutes in space .
The Abarth company was founded in Bologna by Carlo Abarth . The company made the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe which was designed by Gruppo Bertone .
Bionico is from Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language is Spanish .
Alan Bean was an American astronaut , born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 and was chosen by NASA in 1963 .
Austin , Texas has the area code of 512 , a population density per sq km of 1296 . 65 and a total area of 703 . 95 sq km .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire .
A Loyal Character Dancer , published in the United States , is written in English ( also spoken in Great Britain ) .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White whose birthplace was Marietta in Ohio . He eventually died in Parkersburg , West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
The Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level .
The hardback book A Long Long Way has an OCLC number 57392246 and an ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Guitar player , Al Anderson is in NRBQ band which play rock music . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The ship , AIDAluna , has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and began its service on the 22nd of march 2009 .
St Vincent - St Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
The city of Anaheim , California , USA is led by the California state assembly .
The demonym of natives of the Republic of Ireland is Irish people .
Barack Obama is leader of United States , the home of the dish Bacon Explosion . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country , where Washington DC is the capital and English is the language spoken .
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom who plays for tboh R . S . C . Anderlecht and De Graafschap .
Abdul Taid Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party .
Daniel Gould Fowle suceeded Alfred Moore Scales , whose alma mater was the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S and has a diameter of 3 . 04m . It was launched from the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force , and its final flight was on the 16th March 1998 .
The McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the U . S . Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) ' s ship beam is 24 . 4 long , is 192000 . 0 millimetres in length , and originates from Argentina . It was sold to the Netherlands Jan . 4 , 1948 .
The maiden flight of the Ariane 5 rocket was the 9th March 2008 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Lincoln , Nebraska native Brandon Sanderson .
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to " AIP Adv . " ) has a CODEN code of " AAIDBI " .
A Fortress of Grey Ice released in Hardcover was written by J . V . Jones .
1634 : Th Bavarian Crisis is available in hardcover .
The foundation place of Caterpillar Inc . was California , it is now based in Peoria , Illinois . The power type of the AIDA Cruises owned AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine .
Batagor is a dish variation of Siomay .
The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital city is Bucharest and the national anthem is " Desteapta - te , romane ! " . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which has the latin name of " Universitas Apulensis " .
Anaheim , California has a total area of 131 . 6 sq km and the area codes are 657 and 714 .
After Wolf Solent , John Cowper Powys from Shirley , Derbyshire wrote A Glastonbury Romance . He next wrote the novel Weymouth Sands , followed by the novel Maiden Castle .
The main ingredients of the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage , and comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States .
John Roberts is the leader of the United States .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . Joe Biden is one of the leaders there , Washington D . C . is the capital and Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the country .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia , United States . English is the language of the United States and The Native Americans one of the ethnic groups .
Newmarket Ontario , is where Alan Frew is originally from .
Aaron Deer plays the guitar .
Alex Day ' s place of birth was the London Borough of Havering .
The United States House of representatives , is located in the United States Capitol , and leads Anaheim , California .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC . The US is home to Auburn , which is part of Lee County in Alabama .
Pork belly is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , which is a dish from Colombia .
The type of government of Aarhus is magistrate .
Elliot See was born on 07 / 23 / 1927 .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has a rotation period of 7637 . 76 .
Alvah Sabin , who ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 , represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District .
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 k . p . s . , a temperature of 155 kelvins and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint , born in Burbank California , who was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . It ' s the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and his successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT .
Andrew White plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and recorded for the Fiction label . He was associated with Marry Banilow , musician .
The Polish language is used in Poland .
The deceased Elliot See was born in Dallas , Collin County , Texas .
Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is acoustic .
The currency in Iraq is the Iraqi dinar .
Alex Plante , who was born in Manitoba , has played for the club Anyang Halla .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 , an escape velocity of 0 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
The character Baymax is voiced by Scott Adsit , who was born in Northbrook , Illinois .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong represented by Chris Patten .
The location of Afonso Pena International ( ICAO code SBCT ) airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais . The runway 11 / 29 has a length of 2215m and is 911m a . s . l .
Sandesh and Bionico are desserts , bionico contains raisins .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States .
The book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " by Eric Flint has an ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Barny Cakes originate in France , where French is the national language and where Claude Bartolone is the leader .
Canadian , James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin , discovered 104 Hera .
Montevideo is where Alfredo Zitarrosa died and where Daniel Martinez is a political leader . Its in Uruguay where the cuurency is the peso and the leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
Alan Shepard was selected by NASA in 1959 .
A . S . Roma was in the 2014 season .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India , and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . There have been 700 postgraduate students since it was established in 2000 . The President of the school is B . M . Reddy , and the Director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Anaheim , located in California , is led by the California State Assembly which is part of the California State Legislature .
The Roque de los Muchachos Observatory discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 SB , which has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 , on 6th March 2006 .
Alison O ' Donnell was once signed to London based , Deram Records . Alison O ' Donnell , whose music genre is Psychedelic folk , is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings .
Alan Martin has represented Scotland under 19 football team , which is managed by Scot Gemmill .
Ariane 5 , manufactured by The Airbus Defense and Space , has its launchpad at ELA - 3 . The Ariane 5 rocket had its final flight on 12 / 18 / 2004 .
Adirondack Regional Airport location idenitifier is SLK .
Disco music is a fusion genre of the pop music that is the musical genre of Aleksandra Kovač . He is associated with the musical artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , USA . He died in St . Louis on February 28th 1966 .
Buzz Aldrin was in space for 52 minutes .
Allen Forrest started his career in 2005 and uses the Hip Hop genre .
New York - born Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Civil War which saw Abraham Lincoln as one of its commanders .
' A Severed Wasp ' is from the United States , a country where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The top speed of the A - Rosa Luna is 24 . 0 .
200 Public square is in Cleveland which is led by Frank G Jackson .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . They were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter known as The General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which is the location of the Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) designed by Pietro Canonica . The monument is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Alpena County Regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . It serves the city of Alpena in the United States and is 2744 meters long .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by architects 3XN . It is owned by Bella Center and currently tenanted by Marriott International .
103 Hera , was discovered by Canadian , James Craig Watson , whose Alma mater was the University of Michigan , and who died in Madison , Wisconsin .
KABI is the ICAO location identifier of Abilene Regional Airport which is 546 metres above sea level . The airport has the runway name , 17R / 35L , runway length of 1 , 121 and serves Abilene , Texas .
Arros negre made with white rice is from the Valencian Community in Spain .
Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the LCCN number 93645978 .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport in Paracuellos de Jarama is operated by ENAIRE and is found in Madrid , Spain .
Indie rock musician and solo singer Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis , Indiana .
107 Camilla was discovered by N . R . Pogson and its orbital period is 2368 . 05 days . Pogson is British , was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s full name is " Asociación Deportiva " . They have 10000 members and their ground is in Metapan , El Salvador .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where they speak English .
The American sub NR - 1 was launched on January 25 , 1969 .
PS3523 . E55 S4 1982 is the Library of Congress Classification of " A Severed Wasp " .
Aaron Hunt was born in West Germany .
Adam Maher , whose club is AZ Alkmaar , was born in the Netherlands and played for the country ' s national under 17 football team .
Asam padeh is also known as Asam pedas .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 , an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres and its rotation period is 11473 . 9 .
The Audi A1 has a 5 speed manual transmission .
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 4000 . 0 .
The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine and its transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
The HIV virus is part of the family of orthoretrovirinae .
Al - Amin Daggash was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar .
Albennie Jones performs in the rhythm and blues genre .
Abner , who was born on 30 May 1996 , formerly played for Real Madrid Castilla , and now for Coritiba FC .
The ALV X - 1 has 2 rocket stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres . It hails from the US and was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh where Ram Naik is the leader .
Adam Koc has won the Legion of Honour award .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by The National Park Service . It was established on July 11th , 1907 and is categorized as a historic district in the United States and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , the city nearest to this is Frederick , Maryland .
T . S . Thakur is the leader of India .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia ( leader : Hailemariam Desalegn ) . Addis Ababa is home to the Addis Ababa City Hall and The Addis Ababa Stadium .
Arem arem is a Javanese dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader , Indonesian is the language spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah .
Asilomar Conference Grounds has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , the country of which Ranil Wickremesinghe is leader .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is from the region of Java and Malaysia . The dish is served hot with sambal and the chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed . " .
Greece ' s New Democracy party ( color Blue ) member Adonis Georgiadis was in office during Prime Minister Antonis Samaras ' leadership . The prime minister ' s deputy is Evangelos Venizelos .
The creators of Auron ( comics character ) are Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman .
To the west of Adams County , Pennsylvania , is Franklin County , Pennsylvania .
Abarth are the manufacturers of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé which was designed by Gruppo Bertone in Italy .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to European University Association .
Akeem Priestley plays for Jacksons Dolphins CLub and used to play for Sheikh Russel KC .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , Bundelkhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force .
James Craig Watson is a Canadian who studied at the University of Michigan and discovered the 103 Hera . He died of peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
Aarhus Airport , which is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , serves the city of Aarhus , Denmark . The airport is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2 , 776 and is named 10L / 28R .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas in Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) , which is competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot was a US citizen .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . An aircraft there is the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon . The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 .
Anderson is located within Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato .
Ska punk ( Origin : Ska ) is the genre of Aaron Bertram , who is a member of Kids Imagine Nation band .
The celestial body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone has a rotation period of 11473 . 9 .
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service .
The official language in Finland is Finnish .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is in Azerbaijan , whose capital is Baku and whose leader is Artur Rasizade .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas in March 15 , 1932 . He was a test pilot and a crew member on Apollo 12 after being hired by NASA in 1963 . The Alma Mater of Alan Bean is UT Austin , B . S . 1955 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the United States .
A . C . Cesena ' s ground is in Cesena and they play in Serie B which has a previous champion of Carpi F . C . 1909 .
James Craig Watson , born in Canada , discovered 103 Hera . His alma mater was the University of Michigan . Mr . Watson died of peritonits .
The U . S . Atlas II is 3 . 04 m round and was sent from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . Its final voyage took place March 16 in 1998 .
The Aids Journal , first published in 1987 , has the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 and belongs to the academic discipline HIV / AIDS .
Anders Osborne was signed to the record label Alligator Records ' which is based in Chicago . His record label is Okeh Records and he performs rhythm and blues music .
The United States Army was involved in battles in the Spanish - American War . Alfred N . Phillips served in the United States , Army and retired on 1939 - 01 - 03 .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which has the epoch date of 4 November 2013 , has a mean temperature of 265 kelvins and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days . The asteroid has a periapsis measurement of 41498400000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais .
The Acura TLX has a Honda J engine which is made by the Honda Co . Acura is one division of that company .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny however he now plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz .
Baked Alaska comes from either Paris , New York or Hong Kong and is enjoyed in China . The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Alexander L . Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machine .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada , which is led by Elizabeth II .
The Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and the Aston Martin V8 are related means of transportation . The latter vehicle was assembled in the United Kingdom and has an engine volume of 5 . 3 litres before being succeeded by the Aston Martin manufactured Aston Martin Virage .
Elliot See has died in St Louis . He was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas System .
The ALCO RS - 3 is built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . It has 12 cylinderrs , a four - stroke engine and a length of 17068 . 8 mms .
Manuel Valls is a leader in France .
The league Pallacanestro Cantù play in is Lega Basket Serie A .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for SC Wiener Neustadt and is at the FK Austria Wien club .
The 1st runway at Ashgabat International airport is 12467 feet in length .
Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level and the location ID , ATW .
The main ingredient in a Bacon Explosion is bacon .
London is the Capital of the United Kingdom .
Buzz Aldrin was born January 30th , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of of Technology with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA and was a United States national and had 20 awards .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , which is where the food Ajoblanco , is found , in Andalusia .
HOK SVE were the architect of the 3Arena at North Wall Quay . The arena hosts concerts and events and was completed in December 2008 at a height of 28 metres .
The capital city of the United Kingdom is London .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal ( which has the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 ) is HIV .
Aenir , written by Garth Nix , is available in print . Its OCLC number is 45644811 , and ISBN number is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Alex Day plays with Chameleon Circuit and is associated with Charlie McDonnell .
Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Peron , was President at the time that Alberto Teisaire of the Justicialist Party was in office .
AFC Blackpool is located in Blackpool and has 1500 members .
Parkersburg , West Virginia is in the United States .
Stanford University is A . T . Charlie Johnson ' s almaMater .
The name of the runway at al Asad Airbase is 09R / 27L .
109 Felicitas , who ' s epoch date is December 31st , 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom , also known as a bacon butty or sarnie . It is a variation of the BLT . It usually includes a condiment such as ketchup or brown sauce .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where , just like in Great Britain , the language spoken is English .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio and its dean is Mario Botta . The neighbouring municipality of Mendrisio is Meride .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available as an E - Book .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences .
Ajoblanco originates from Spain , is also called " Ajo blanco " and has garlic as one of it ' s ingredients .
Alfred Garth Jones of the U . K . , died in London . The city ' s leader is Boris Johnson and the country is led by Elizabeth II .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama which is situated within the state of Alabama in the United States where one of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans .
Asser Levy Public Baths built in 1904 is located on 23rd Street , Manhattan . Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ which was born on March 13 , 1947 . His genre is rock music and he played once with The Wildweeds .
Adare Manor , owned by J . P . McManus , was designed by James and George Richard Pain and its construction was completed in 1862 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino . It was established in 1996 and has 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
Anderson is a city in Indiana .
Alvis Speed 25 which has a 4387 . 00 cc engine , was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry .
Akron is a part of Summit County , Ohio .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician associated with the Plastik Mak and The Owl Service .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) died in California .
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly ( also known as Admin . Sci . Q . ) is 57059226 . It was published by SAGE publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate chool of Management , Cornell University .
Adare Manor ' s architect was Philip Charles Hardwick .
Aaron Turner plays Ambient music and he started performing in 1995 . He played with the Twilight band and Old Man Gloom .
Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab , Pakistan .
560937000 . 0 km is the apoapais for 107 Camilla , which was discovered by A Storrs . The epoch date for 107 Camilla is 31 December 2006 and it has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . It is popular in Indonesia and can be found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England and graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge before joining the Grenadier Guards .
William Anders served as a crew member on Apollo 8 . He was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 1933 . In 1962 , Wiliam Anders graduated from AFIT with an M . S , and he retired on the 1st of September , 1969 .
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which originates from the Antioquia department of Colombia .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under - 17 football team and for the club U . C . Sampdoria .
The Alhambra is 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
Like Italians , Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy . Where the capital is Rome and Sergio Mattarella is one of the country ' s leaders .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and later played for the St Louis Rams .
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States .
A Long Long Way comes from Ireland and was published by Viking Press .
Afonso Pena International Airport is 911 . 0 metres above sea level .
Peter Stoger is attached to First Vienna FC and is in SK Vorwarts Steyr club . He plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling and is the manager of 1 FC Koln .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established 1907 - 07 - 11 , found in the Monocacy National Battlefield and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States . Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County , Maryland .
Agnes Ward White died at Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio Srl ( abbreviated to A . S . Gubbio ) has 5300 members and competed in the 2014 season .
The United States is the location for Albany , Georgia and includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland , U . S . , which is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio . Frank G . Jackson is the leader of Cleveland .
Maiden Castle ( novel ) was preceded by Weymouth Sands . The book " A Glastonbury Romance " was followed by " Weymouth Sands " , preceded By Wolf Solent and was written by John Cowper Powys .
The runway length of Adirondack Regional Airport is 1219 . 0 .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio , United States , where capital is Washington DC . English is the language spoken in the country and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
American William Anders was born on October 17th , 1933 in British Hong Kong . He joined NASA in 1963 as a Fighter pilot and retired on September 1 , 1969 .
Al Asad airbase is run by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean war , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 as an attack aircraft .
The Alvis Speed 25 , a full size car with a wheelbase of 127 inches , has a transmission system which comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propeller shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ( assembled in Italy ) , the Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma are similar means of transport .
Auburn is part ofboth King County and Pierce County , Washington , in the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC .
The rotation period for 1001 Gaussia is 33012 . 0 .
The USA , which includes the ethnic group of African Americans , is the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain who later died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Bhajji includes vegetables that come from the Karnataka region .
Massimo Drago , played for S . S . D . Potenza Calcio , and has been the manager of A C Cesena .
Alan Bean , a US National who graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . , is now retired .
A . C . Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is located in Italy . They play in the Serie B league of which Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland where the leader is Enda Kenny . The native people are known as Irish which is also the name of their language .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the campus is located in India at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in the US where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the Romanian city of Alba Iulia . The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is led by Klaus Iohannis and has Bucharest as its capital city .
Alan Frew was born in the United Kingdom .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , which was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair .
The periapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is 6155910000000 . 0 .
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India , it includes vegetables .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara and the leader ( President of Turkey ) is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
The bacon sandwich , which is popular in the UK , has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . The main ingredients are bread , bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in the Singapore and Indonesian dish , beef kway teow .
The Aston Martin V8 and DBS are similar vehicles .
Disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from blues music . Ahmet Ertegun ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
A Severed Wasp was published in hardback , has the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and 388 pages .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region in Spain , the leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain .
1634 The Ram Rebellion is a novel from the United States . The capital of the country is Washington D . C . it ' s population known as Americans and the previous President was Barack Obama . The original ethnic group of the country is Native American .
Aaron Turner , whose music is post - metal , performs for Mamiffer and is associated with the group Greymachine .
Ab Klink of Netherlands was born in Stellendam and attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam . The country ' s leader is Mark Rutte and its currency is the Euro .
Cumberland County Pennsylvania lies to the north of Adams County which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in the year 2000 . The County is located to the east of Franklin County Pennsylvania and Carroll County Maryland can be found to the southeast .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , the country which is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and the leader is , Horacio Rodríguez Larreta .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , which is based in Brazil .
Angola , Indiana is in Steuben County .
A . C . Cesena is in Italy and has 23900 members .
The USAF bombed Libya in 1986 , also fought in the Invasion of Grenada and operates the Al Asad airbase .
Born in Cleveland , Albert B White , who died at Parkersburg , West Virginia , was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson . William M . O . Dawson died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988 and plays for the club Maccabi Tel Aviv BC .
Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998 and performs ska punk music . Aaron Bertram ; plays for the Suburban Legends band , is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and has a background with a non vocal instrument .
The 3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Attica , Indiana is in the United Sates . the capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled in Italy , has a V6 engine . It is relative to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra .
110 Lydia , with an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km / s , has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office .
The creator of Blockbuster ( comics character ) is Tom Lyle .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and also found in Indonesia .
Abilene Texas is in the United States .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . The LCCN number is 60040714 and the ISSN number is 1732 - 2421 .
Jens Hartel ' s club is Berliner AK 07 and he is part of FC Union Berlin . He used to play for FC Sachsen Leipzig and has also been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who died in Gottingen . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and his doctoral student was Halton Arp .
1FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league and has 27250 members .
Folk music of Ireland is the genre of Alison O ' Donnell , who performed for the band United Bible Studies and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band .
The parent company of Wiley - Blackwell is John Wiley & Sons .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe , who was in the Nigerian Navy , was Vice President .
10 Hygiea was formerly known as " A900 GA " and has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England , UK and died in London .
Alpharetta , Georgia is located within the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Motherwell FC , former club of the player Alan Martin , play their home games at Fir Park .
Albuquerque is located in Bernalillo County , New Mexico , United States .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( ISSN # : 0002 - 9327 ) is published by the United States ' Johns Hopkins University Press .
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan , where the city of Lahore , served by Allama Iqbal International Airport , is located .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in battles such as the Battle of Fredericksburg .
Tamil is the language spoken in Sri Lanka , whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , Also in Sri Lanka is Adisham hall which is located in Haputale .
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in alcobendas , spain , where the leader party is the People ' s party .
Beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia . The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Sovcomflot operates the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometres per second .
Published in hardcover , Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long , has an OCLC number of 78771100 and an ISBN of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Abel Caballero , was in office while Felipe Gonzalez ( whose predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis ) , was Prime Minister . Abel Caballero was in office whilst Roman born , Juan Carlos I , of Spain was Monarch .
Lemon is a member of the family Rutaceae .
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire and died in California . Alan Shepard ' s nationality is the United States and he retired on 1st August 1974 .
Sri Lanka ' s leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Adisham Hall is located in Haputale .
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and is located in Sri Lanka .
Alpharetta , is part of Fulton County , in Georgia in the U . S . Atlanta is the biggest city in Fulton County .
Peter Stoger plays for Favoritner AC .
Alison O ' Donnell performed with United Bible Studies and is associated with The Owl Service .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English . The book came from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
Peter Stöger is manager of 1 . FC Köln and has played for SC Wiener Neustadt and the Austria national football team .
Jens Hartel , who plays for SV Germania Schoneiche , is part of 1 . FC Union Berlin and has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin , Republic of Ireland . Dublin is led by the European Parliament .
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is governed by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
Alpena County , Michigan is the owner of the Alpena County Regional Airport .
Arem arem is a dish from Indonesia , but which is more specific to Java . The leaders in Indonesia are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo and the currency used is the Indonesian rupiah .
Akeem Priestley ' s birth place was Kingston in Jamaica .
Blues musician and solo singer Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi ; 1914 .
Azerbaijan ' s leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan and his name is Artur Rasizade . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan .
Colin Powell commanded the Gulf War and one of the people to fight in that was was Adam Holloway .
3Arena , Dublin , Republic of Ireland ( where Dáil Éireann is a leader ) , is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD , with a maximum temperature of 362 . 0 kelvins , has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
The Alvis Speed 25 is classed as a Full - size car . It has a a wheelbase of 127 inches and a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
The chairman of FC Torpedo Moscow is Aleksandr Tukmanov .
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with musical person , Marius Moga and the singer Puya .
The runway length at Ardmore airport , New Zealand is 1411 . 0 .
Anaheim , California is led by the California State Assembly which can be found at the California State Capitol .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is US Citta di Palermo and he also played for Penarol who are managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township , Madison County in Indiana . The capital of Indiana , located in the US , is Indianapolis .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio neighbours Meride in Switzerland . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States .
Asam pedas comes from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia .
Valentina Matviyenko is a leader in Russia .
Alexander Nouri manages SV Werder Bremen II .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud , whose date of birth is 1936 - 05 - 21 . Abdul Taib Mahmud represented Asajaya and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
With 600 students , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland , a country led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Nottingham born N . R . Pogson , who died in Chennai , discovered 107 Camilla .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument in the United States was established on 11th July 1907 , and belongs to the category of Historic districts .
William Anders graduated with a M . S . from AFIT in 1962 . He then went on to become a member of the Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman .
Arabic is one language spoken in New York .
Fylde played in the National League North league .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico , the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and cookies are also a dessert .
A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent .
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from the Andalusia region , where Susana Diaz is a leader . This region is in Spain , where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader .
One of John Cowper Powys notable works is Oliver Glendower .
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh which is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Hip Hop music has its origins in Funk and Disco . A derivative of Hip Hop are drum and bass and one genre from this type of music is Abradab .
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length is 2744 . 0 metres and is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , in the United States .
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
Batagor and Siomay can be found in Indonesia . They are the variations of Shumai which contains Shiitake .
St Vincent - St Mary High School , Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is the leader .
Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight which was created by Roy Thomas .
Alan Shepard retired August 1st , 1974 .
A dish from Malaysia , Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Altona Gorbach was suceeded by Josef Klaus who graduated the University of Vienna .
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is in the County of Derbyshire . Bakewell tart , a variation of Bakewell pudding , comes from the Derbyshire Dales and contains frangipane .
Michele Marcoli plays for both Atalanta B . C . and A . C . Chievo Verona and has been manager of AC Lumezzane .
The Rome region created the Arrabbiata sauce and it has an ingredient called tomato .
Guitar country performer Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and once played with The Wildweeds .
Antioquia Department , Colombia , is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from , it includes lemons .
The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital city is Bucharest and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo in Uruguay whose leader is Tabare Vazquez . Another political leader in Montevideo is Daniel Martinez .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Romania ( capital Bucharest ) .
Alan Shepard who died in California was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959 .
The operating organization for Appleton International Airport is in Outagamie County , Wisconsin .
Peter Soger has previously played football for SK Vorwarts Steyr and his club now is FC Admira Wacker Modling . He is currently attached to the club First Vienna FC and manages FC Kolin .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India is in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest . The school was created in 2001 and it has 250 employees . India ' s largest city is Mumbai .
The final flight of Ariane 5 was 2003 - 09 - 27 .
The orbital period for 11264 Claudiomaccone is 1513 . 722 days , has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and it was discovered by Nikolai Chernykh . It has an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres and its epoch date was on November 26th 2005 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin who are competing in the Big 12 Conference .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have the nickname Asa Gigante , they played in the 2015 season and have 17000 members .
The Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels , Belgium with a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 5 - speed manual transmission .
Blackpool is led by Gordon Marsden .
1099 Figneria was formerly known as 1928 RQ and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too .
The university of Gottingen was where Walter Baade studied .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , India was established in 2000 and has as its president B . M . Reddy .
Honey can be added to bionico .
In Iraq , the Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3 , 990 metres .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews . It is 973 above sea level and has a runway length of 8 . 0 .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas in the United States of America . The capital of the U . S is Washington D . C . and the main language spoken is English .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania .
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips served in the US Army and fought in battles in the Spanish - American War . He later became Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut .
Alessandro Dal Canto is the coach of the Italian national under - 17 football team .
A . S . Roma , which has 70634 members , have their grounds in Rome , Italy .
The book The Secret Scripture followed the book " A Long Long Way " .
The singer Andra was born in 1986 .
The Chinese are an ethnic group in Japan which is led by Shinzo Abe . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin and assembled at Newport Pagnell . The Aston Martin V8 , related to Aston Martin RHAM / 1 , was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage and its engine volume is 5 . 3 litres .
The mid - size Acura TLX , assembled at Marysville Auto Plant , has a Honda K engine and AWD layout .
Linebacker , Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 . He his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for the New England Patriots .
103 Hera has a rotation period of 85466 . 9 and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km .
The character April O ' Neil was created by Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman .
One of the ethnic groups in Poland are the Kashubians .
Admin . Sci . Q is the abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly which is published by Sage Publications . This book has the LLCN number 57059226 and the ISSN number 0001 - 8392 .
Albennie Jones is a performer of rhythm and blues .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was created in 1996 and has 600 students . The federal chancellor of the country is Johann Schneider - Ammann and the national anthem is Swiss Psalm .
The genre of Al Anderson is rock music , which originated from country music , which itself is famous for using the banjo . Bhangra music is of the fusion genre and party comes from rock music .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas Spain .
Alberto Teisaire , who died in Buenos Aires , belonged to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Perón was president . Peron was married to Eva Peron and Diego Santilli was the leader of Buenos Aires .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica can be abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar , and its discipline is Math . Its ISSN number is 1588 - 2632 .
Bakewell pudding is classed as a Dessert and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
The Dodge manufactured , 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation .
Ace Wilder plays Hip hop music where drum and bass derive their sounds . Hip hop has its style origins in funk .
William Anders is an American born in British Hong Kong on Oct 17 , 1933 . He was a fighter pilot and was part of Apollo 8 . Anders graduated with an M . S . from AFIT in 1962 and is now retired .
Aaron Turner , a musician in the Lotus Eaters band , performs avant - garde metal music .
Albany , in Oregon has a population density of 1104 . 1 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 45 . 97 sq km .
The bacon sandwich , to which ketchup is often added , comes from the United Kingdom .
1 . 7 square kilometres is the area of water in Auburn , Alabama .
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 .
Barny cakes can be found in France .
A BLT is a type of bacon sandwich ( which includes ketchup ) and can be found in the United Kingdom .
Bananaman , the TV series , was shown on the BBC . Broadcasting House in London is the location of the BBC and a key person there is Tony Hall or Baron Hall of Birkenhead to give him his full title .
Alan Tudyk stars in the film , Big Hero 6 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore , which is located in Karnataka , India . It was established in the year 2000 . Its president is B . M . Reddy . It has 700 postgraduate students . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Governor Alfred Moore Scales of North Carolina was succeeded by James Madison Leach .
The footballer Alan Martin , who was born on 1 January 1989 , formerly played for Accrington Stanley FC and is now with Hamilton Academical FC .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from . Ethnic groups there include the Moro and llocano people . Arabic is also spoken there .
Airey Neave ; began his career on March 4th 1974 , fought in World War II , ended his career on 30th March 1979 , and died in Westminster Hospital , London .
Austin is the capital city of Texas , United States . Abilene is part of Texas where English is a language spoken .
The AIDAluna made its first trip on March 22 , 2009 .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician signed with Okeh Records . Fusion , which includes Bhangra , derives from Rock music .
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spain . Ajo blanco is an alternative name and it includes Almonds .
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender and played in the Italy national under 16 ' s football team . He also in the Serie A league for AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 21 Mary 1936 in Miri , Malaysia and lives in Sarawak . He is a member of the " Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak " party and represented the Asajaya region .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets whose city is Columbus , Ohio but he currently plays for the Boston Bruins .
The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance , which is now in print and has 1174 pages , is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
The AIDAstella , owned by Costa Crociere ( parent company AIDA Cruises . ) , was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises . AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock .
From the United States , the Bacon Explosion has bacon and sausage as ingredients and is a main course .
Alex Day was born in the U . K .
Adenan Satem was in office at the same time as Abdul Taib Mahmud was President .
NRBQ band member Al Anderson was born in Windsor , Connecticut , United States .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois in the United States .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of poaceae . The runway , which is 497 . 0 in length , is named 14 / 32 .
103 Hera , was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian whose alma mater was the University of Michigan , and who died from peritonitis .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia where Susana Diaz is a leader . Ajoblanco is from Spain .
Abradab , from Katowice , Poland is associated with artists Kaliber 44 and Magik .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina . He was a member of the Justicialist party and was the provisional president of the Argentine senate . He was in office whilst Juan Peron was president , and succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor , India .
Albert Jennings Fountain died in the United States .
Alaa Abdul Zahra has played for Al Merrikh SC .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas . The capital of Texas , which is found in the US , is Austin .
The character , Aurakles , was created by Len Wein .
Alex Tyus played basketball for the Florida Gators at College .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City . He was a member of the Democratic Party in the US and worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office .
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League .
The capital of the United States is Washington DC and the language spoken is English , which is also the language of Great Britain . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the country where one of the ethnic groups are the White Americans .
The runway at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan is 3360 . 12 long .
The abbreviation " ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems which is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science .
Elliot See died in St . Louis , the Kingdom of France .
The John Sessions Stadium is where the Jacksonville Dolphins play their home games .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works . It has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
Adam McQuaid ' s height is 1 . 9558 metres and he was born in Charlottetown on 12 October 1986 .
Airey Neave ' s career began on 4 March 1974 and ended on 30 March 1979 . He had been involved in the Battle of France and died at the Westminster Hospital in London .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Dimmit County , Texas . United States .
Spanish Monarch Juan Carlos I was born in Rome and ( as Spain ' s leader ) was suceeded by Francisco Franco . Abel Caballero was in office during his monarchy .
The runway name of Aarhus Airport is 10R / 28L .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club who are owned by Jean - Michel Aulas and play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais . He also played for FC Dinamo Batumi who are managed by Levan Khomeriki .
Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated to Association of MBAs and is the alma mater of Ab Klink who was born in Stellendam .
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States . Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage . It is served as a main course .
Frank Borman and William Anders served as past of NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew . Anders served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 and spend 8820 . 0 minutes in space . Buzz Aldrin was an Apollo 8 backup pilot .
Barny cakes contain 4 . 8g of fat .
The AIDAstella , which is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length , began service on March 17th 2013 .
United States national , Ahmet Ertegun ' s genre is rhythm and blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from the blues .
The editor of AIP Advances is A . T . Charlie Johnson .
Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes are located in London .
Aaron Boogaard ' s draft team is Minnesota Wild , whose manager is Chuck Fletcher .
Audi A1 belongs to the supermini class .
The chicken dish ayam penyet has fried chicken in it .
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso .
Former The Wildweeds band member , Al Anderson , who plays the guitar in the NRBQ band , performs country music .
Arem - arem is Javanese cuisine found in Indonesia , where two of the leaders are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC and he is also in the Al - Khor Sports Club located in Al - Khor .
Akeem Ayers debuted for Tennessee Titans and played for St Louis based team St Louis Rams whose coach is Steve Spagnuolo .
Rostock is located in Germany which is led by Angela Merkel and has the capital city of Berlin . It is the HQ of Neptun Werft who built the A Rosa Luna .
The AIDAstellas was laid down on 17th December 2008 and is 253 . 26m long .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Albuquerque , New Mexico is located and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
The official school colours of the Acharya Institute of Technology are blue , white and orange .
Atlanta has an area of 344 . 9 sq . km . , total area of 347 . 1 sq . km . , population of 1299 people per sq . km . , and is part of Georgia .
The Mason School of Business , which is located in the United States , are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall . Robert Gates is the chancellor of the College of William & Mary , which owns Alan B . Miller Hall .
The average speed of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is 4 . 56 km per sec .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . The European University Association has headquarters in Brussels .
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE publications , which publishes Administrative Science Quarterly .
Union Army man Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Civil War which has Abraham Lincoln as its commander .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County Michigan , United States and serves Alpena , Michigan . The airport , which lies 210 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
The engine volume of Aston MArtin V8 is 5 . 3 litres .
The length of the runway at Agra Airport is 1818 . 0 .
HIV is part of the Orthoretrovirinae family and belongs to the Lentivirus genus . The study of it comes under the academic discipline HIV / AIDS . The journal which is part of this Academic field of study is the AIDS journal .
Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad is located in India whose leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet .
The book " A Fortress of Grey Ice " by J V Jones can be found in print and the OCLC number 51969173 .
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Influenced by Robert A Heinlein , Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by the book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Alfa Romeo 164 and the Saab 9000 are means of transportation that are similar . Lancia Thema and the Alfa Romeo 164 are related transport systems .
Austin is the capital city of Texas .
10R / 28L is the runway name at Aarhus airport , .
Alfred Garth was born in Manchester in the U . K . He died in Sidcup .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 . Aarus is governed by a magistrate .
Aaron Turner ' s music genre is black metal , of which death metal is a fusion .
Ajoblanco is a dish of Andalusia and Spain ( led by Felipe VI and inhabited by Spaniards ) .
Don Guardian leads Atlantic City , New Jersey , where the municipal leader is known as the Mayor . With a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres , Atlantic City , has a population of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre , and the area code , 609 .
The spouse of Juan Carlos I of Spain is Queen Sofia of Spain .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and she plays the instrument called the bodhran .
The city of Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon , United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States but the Americans are the people occupying the U . S .
A . F . C Blackpool play in the English Football League system .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney , and has an asphalt runway of 877m .
The Latin name of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is " Universitas Apulensis " .
Akrons Summit Assault chairman is Dave Laughlin .
Niger State , is the birth place of Abdulsalami Abubakar , whose alma mater was the Technical Institute , Kaduna .
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer , OCLC number 49805501 .
The United States , which has the capital of Washington DC , is the location of Abilene . The city is found in Texas where the English language is spoken .
Barny cakes may be found in France where the French language is spoken and Gerard Larcher is the leader .
The successor of the Aston Martin DBS is the Aston Martin Vantage .
Atlantic City is part of the US state of New Jersey , which has the capital of Trenton . New York City is the largest city in the United States .
Bhajji comes from the country India in the the Karnataka region . The currency of India is the Indian rupee and T . S . Thakur is the leader of India while the leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala .
Hip Hop music includes drum and bass and the sub genre Gangsta Rap with origins in funk . Abradab is a hip hop musician .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands , where Agnes Kant is from . Living in Doesburg , Agnes Kant worked for the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , which is led by Emile Roemer .
Ankara is the capital of Turkey , The country ' s leader is President Ahmet Davutoglu and it is the location of the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . S . Roma and also AC Milan under their manager Sinisa Mihajlovic .
The apoapsis of ( 410777 ) 2009 FD is 259776702 . 47055 kilometers and it has a maximum temperature of 362 kelvins .
Barny cakes come from France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls and French is the language spoken .
Verona , Italy is the home to A . C . Chievo Verona .
Buzz Aldrin worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 11 with William Anders as his back up pilot .
One of the languages in Denmark is the German .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which capital is Washington D . C . and John Roberts is the Chief of Justice .
The Dead Man ' s Plack which is made of rock and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia is located in England . The capital of England is London and Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region .
Austrian German is the language in Austria , the leader of which is Doris Bures . Alfons Gorbach ' s birthplace was lmst , in the state of Tyrol and his place of death was in Austria .
The leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was founded 1907 - 07 - 11 .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York where the leader is Byron Brown .
Mason School of Business , located in the United States , is a tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall , that is situated in Virginia .
Ace Wilder , born on July 23 , 1982 in Sweden , is a solo singer and songwriter .
The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises based in Rostock . AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc where the key person is Douglas R . Oberhelman .
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the music genre of Aaron Turner . He performed for House of Low Culture and plays the electric guitar .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV / AIDS . HIV is part of the family retrovirus and of the genus Lentivirus .
M . Gaffey discovered 107 Camilla .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and studied at the Technical Institute , Kaduna . He worked as he Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff before being succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo .
Ayam Penyet , a fried chicken dish from Malaysia is found in Java . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The city leader is Rahm Emanuel .
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in California and is located in the US . The company powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises .
300 North LaSalle , with 60 floors and completed in 2009 , is in Illinois .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippines . It is served as the dessert course and its ingredients are sago and banana .
Andra is a singer with Pop music as her genre .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica , also known as Acta Math . Hungar . , with ISSN number 1588 - 2632 , is in the Math discipline .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 101 Helena , studied at the University of Michigan and died of peritonitis .
Bakso is a food and a dish found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta , the language is Indonesia and Jusuf Kalla is the leader .
The demonym for people living in India , where Amdavad ni Gufa is located , is Indian .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah .
Aleksandra Kovac has the musical genre of pop music and is associated with fellow musical artist Kristina Kovač . Disco is considered to be a fusion genre since it contain elements of other genres such as pop music .
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam , which was part of the American Civil War . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War .
Arem - arem is an Indonesian dish but more specific to Java and has the main ingredients of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina on 20 May 1891 . He was a Rear Admiral and worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate before being succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Synthpop is derived from New wave music .
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and played for Old Man Gloom . He is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band and his genre is Black Metal .
The city of Albany is in Oregon , in the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The OCLC number of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1480153 .
The English language is spoken in Illinois .
Ahmet_Davutoglu is Turkey ' s leader where the currency is Turkish Lira , and where Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk Monument in Izmir from bronze , the monument was inagurated on July 27 , 1932 .
Aaron deer plays the bass guitar and performs Psychedelia music .
Al Asad Airbase , in Iraq , Has a runway length of 3990 .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and their chairman is Dave Laughlin .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo , Uruguay . Leaders of Uruguay include Tabaré Vázquez and Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States and part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Saranac Lake , New York , is part of Harrietstown , New York .
The Japanese occupied British Borneo where Adenan Satem was born . Satem succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud who lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
The city of Anderson , Indiana , USA is part of Adams township , Madison county .
Anderson , Indiana has 523 . 9 people per square kilometer .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia , Spain where Carles Puidgemont is the region ' s leader . Spaniards are the country ' s main ethnic group .
U . S . native Alfred Moore Scales is Native American .
Amarillo Texas is elevated 1099 . 0 above sea level .
Angola is a city in Indiana which has the capital of Indianapolis .
Juan Carlos I of Spain succeeded Francisco Franco and whilst he was monarch Spanish born Abel Caballero was in office .
William Anders was part of the Apollo 8 crew and was once a fighter pilot .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors . It was designed by the architectural firm 3XN .
Akeem Adams played for the club T & TEC Sports Club .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . but Auburn is a part of King County , Washington whose largest city is Seattle located in the United States .
The minimum temperature at ( 410777 ) 2009 FD is 211 . 0 kelvins .
Audi A1 has the hatchback style of body .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Baked Alaska are both served as desserts . The latter dish comes from France where Manuel Valls is the leader .
The Alma Mater of Canadian , James Craig Watson , discoverer of 103 Hera , was the University of Michigan .
The McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the U . S . Air Force .
Made by American Motors is the AMC Matador . Roy D . Chapin Jr . is a key person at that company . A subsidiary of American Motors is Wheel Horse and Eagle is the successor for American Motors .
A . S . Roma member , Alessio Romagnoli , plays for A . C . Milan . which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and is in Serie A league .
The Delta II , which originates from the United States , and is comparable to the rocket Antares , was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base . Both the Minotaur V and the rocket Antares werelaunched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Abraham A Ribicoff was married to Ruth Ribicoff and was born in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The AIDAluna made its first trip on March 22 , 2009 and it ' s christening date is April 4 , 2009 . The length of the AIDAluna is 252000 . 0 millimetres and it has a Caterpillar Inc . engine .
Bionico is a dish served for dessert .
AD Isidro Metapan has 10000 members .
The celestial body known as ( 15788 ) 1993 SB has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . It was discovered by Iwan P Williams and has the epoch date of 6 March 2006 .
Abel Hernandez , whose club is Penarol , plays for the Uruguay national football team .
Ace Wilder has a background as a solo singer .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Shabab Al - Ordon Club and he plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team .
Synthpop has its origins in disco , house and new wave . Alex Day is a Synthpop singer .
Alfred N . Phillips birthplace was Darien Connecticut . He was also part of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
Within Singapore , both Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan are leaders . Beef kway teow originates from Singapore , and Standard Chinese is the language spoken .
Alvah Sabin was born on 23 . 10 . 1793 and was a member of the Whig Party of the United States led by Daniel Webster .
MTU Friedrichshafen ( Friedrichshafen ) engines power the A - Rosa Luna and is the parent company of Rolls Royce Power Systems .
Aaron Turner sings for a living .
The Delta II was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at Space Launch Complex 17 . The Delta II is from the United States and the rocket Antares is comparable to it .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics . It has the abbreviation Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg and the ISSN number 0025 - 5858 .
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region and is found in Mexico , it has chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins as ingredients .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland . The monument was established on 1907 - 07 - 11 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States .
Asser Levy Public Baths , located in Avenue A , Manhattan , is in the Romanesque Revival architectural style , was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 04 / 23 / 1980 with reference number : 80002709 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London . London is led by Boris Johnson and the European Parliament . London is governed by the Greater London Authority .
The AMC matador was assembled in Australia .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , India was established in 2000 . It has 700 post - graduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Established in 1928 and with a current student body of 16000 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association and it ' s dean is Thomas Pallesen .
Agustin Barboza was born in , Juan Afara led , Paraguay and died in Asuncion .
Alex Day plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell . He became active in music in 2006 .
Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Celery is a member of the genus Apium .
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 . He currently plays for U . S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A . C . Cesena .
Allen Forrest ' s genre of music is Rhythm and Blues which originated from the blues . Both disco and funk are derivatives of rhythm and blues .
The leader of Anaheim , California , is Tom Tait .
Ajoblanco comes from Andalusia in Spain . The main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water , olive oil .
Built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 / 04 / 23 ( reference number 80002709 ) , the Asser Levy Public Baths can be found in New York City .
Both Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where Amharic is spoken .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled in Italy ( capital : Rome ) , the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema , are related modes of transportation .
Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F . C . and Virtus Entella while managing A . S . Roma .
Elliot See is an American who attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference . He was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St . Louis .
AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor who once played for Bury F . C .
Austin is a part of Hays County in Texas , where the largest city in the state is Houston , .
Agnes Kant of the Netherlands , a country led by Mark Rutte , worked for the Socialit Party in the Netherlands , a party led by Emile Roemer .
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry .
1 . FC Köln has 50000 members and played the 2014 - 15 season in the Bundesliga .
Al Anderson , who performs country music , once played with The Wildweeds and is now a member of the band NRBQ .
The President is the leader of the United States where John Roberts and Joe Biden are both leaders . The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and has the capital of Washington DC .
A severed Wasp was written in English ( language of Great Britain ) and originates from the United States , where one ethnic group is Asian American and the capital city is Washington D . C .
Buzz Aldrin retired on July 1st , 1971 .
Adam McQuaid , who plays for Boston based , Boston Bruins , draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets .
Al Anderson plays rock music in a band named NRBQ . He played for a group called Wildweeds before continuing the music fusion Bhangra .
Boris Johnson is a leader in London where 20 Fenchurch Street with 34 floors is located .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Denmark , has 16000 students , 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999 - 05 - 29 and was succeeded by Al - Amin Daggash .
Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina , and was succeeded by James Madison Leach .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the Danish language is spoken .
Birmingham City Council governs the city of Birmingham which has the postcode area " B " . It is led by the Conservative Party ( UK ) and is the hometown of John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Ab Klink attended the Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . He is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte and has the euro as it ' s currency , .
The icebreaker Aleksay Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland .
Adam McQuaid , whose height is 1 . 9558 metres , was born in 1986 in Canada .
Alfons Gorbach , who died in Styria , was born in Austria , where the language is Austrian German and the leader is Doris Bures .
Bakso is a food dish from the Country of Indonesia . It is made of ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States and includes the main ingredients of bacon and sausage .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in The Akita Prefecture in Japan .
Illinois is in the United States .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 1 , 411 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae .
Bill Oddies stars in Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC .
The European Space Agency is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 , the launch site of which , was ELA - 3 launchpad . The Ariane 5 rocket made its maiden flight on June 4th 1996 and its last flight on December 18 , 2009 .
fried egg is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co . which is located in Groton , CT . and which built the American submarine NR - 1 .
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys , who was born in Shirley , Derbyshire .
The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and its launch site was the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
Allan Shivers , a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur , was succeeded by Price Daniel .
300 North Lasalle is in Cook County , Chicago , Illinois in the U . S . Susana Mendoza leads Chicago .
AAron Boogaard was in Saskatchewan in 1986 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3 . 3528 below sea level and its fourth runway is made from asphalt .
Mahe , India is located northwest of the state of Kerala where the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 in the city of Kuttikkattoor .
The Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in Mendrisio , Switzerland and has 600 students . Johann Schneider Ammann is the leader of Switzerland .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US where Asian Americans are an ethnic group ; the anthem of the United States is the Star Spangled Banner and its capital is Washington D . C .
The main ingredients of Binignit are the sweet potato and coconut milk .
English is spoken in the United States , where Albany , Oregon can be found .
Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine and is a food found in Indonsia . Joko Widodo is the leader of the country where the Indonesian language is spoken .
In the United States , the leader of the country is called the President of the United States . One of the country ' s leaders is Paul Ryan and one of the ethic groups is White Americans . also located in the U . S . is 250 Delaware Avenue .
Iraq born Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC and he plays for the Iraq national under 23 football team .
The Antares rocket was first launched on April 21 , 2013 at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
In Texas we have Abilene which is usually served by the Abilene regional airport , located in the united states .
Abdul Taid Mahmud , who was born in Sarawak , is a member of Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak Party .
An affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University , Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was established in 2000 and currently has 700 postgraduate students enrolled .
Anaheim in California has the area code : 657 , 714 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Gregory L . Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin .
Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy .
Baked Alaska is from the United States ( along with ethnic African Americans ) .
The ingredient chicharron is found in bandeja paisa from the paisa region . Chicharron is a traditional dish in Spain .
Construction of Adisham Hall , Haputale ( designed in Tudor Revival style ) began in 1927 and ended in 1931 .
Gram flour is an ingredient of Bhajji , sometimes known as Bhaji or bajji . Bhajji are found in the Karnataka region of India .
St Vincent - St Mary High School ( Akron , Ohio , US ) is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
William Anders was once a crew member of Apollo 8 and he retired on September 1st , 1969 .
31 December 2006 is the epoch date of 1101 Clematis which has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . It has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 Kms .
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally .
The celestial body known as ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 was formerly called 1999 SN5 . It has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and an epoch date of 2013 - 11 - 04 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in the US ; which is home to many Asian Americans .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas in the United States and English is the language of the United States .
William Anders was a US citizen who was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MA and became a fighter pilot before joining NASA in 1963 . He retired on 1 September 1969 .
Alfred N Phillips retired on 1939 - 01 - 03 , and served in the United States , Army , which has battled in the Invasion of Grenada .
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese and is a similar means of transport to the Saab 9000 and also related to the Fiat Croma .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium , where the capital is Brussels .
Airey Neave was involved in the Battle of France .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus in Denmark .
ALV X - 1 is from the United States , where one of the ethnic groups , is African Americans .
Alhambra is owned by the P & O company .
Barack Obama was the president of the US . Other random facts about the US : 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written there and Native Americans are it ' s original ethnic group .
The U . S . is made up of some huge cities , the biggest being New York City . However , there is also the Austin , the capital of Texas , as well as Abilene Texas . All of which English is the natie language .
Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research discovered the asteroid ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 which was formerly called 1999 SN5 . This celestial body has an epoch date of 4 November 2013 , an orbital period lasting 360 . 29 days and a periapsis of 41498400000 . 0 .
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party which was led by Henry Clay . Sabin was from Vermont which is home to Burlington , the state ' s largest city .
The key person of Dodge is Sergio Marchionne .
Abner played for the football club Real Madrid Castilla which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan and plays for the Alianza F . C . club , C . D . FAS , and the El Salvador national football team .
Elizabeth II and David Cameron are the leaders of the United Kingdom in which London is the capital city . AIDS journal is published in the U . K . by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa which is typical Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department .
89646863 is the LCCN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems and its ISSN number is 1046 - 8188 . " ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . " is its abreviation .
The Appleton International Airport ' s runway length is 1982 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated with a Sc . D from MIT in 1963 before becoming a fighter pilot .
Harrietstown , New York is part of New York .
Alison O ' Donnell was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band .
Andrews County Airport is located in English speaking Texas ( United States ) , where the Texas demonym is Tejano .
Alan Frew ' s background is that of solo singer .
United States born , Abraham A . Ribicoff , worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare , and is married to Ruth Ribicoff .
Albany is in Georgia which is a part of the United States .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s official colors are Blue , White and Orange .
Pop music band Suburban Legend includes musician Aaron Bertram .
Joe Biden is a United States leader .
The building at 320 South Boston Street has 22 floors .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a two door coupe which has a straight - four engine . The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé ' s final year of production was 1958 .
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen .
John Sessions Stadium is the home of the Jacksonville Dolphins .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1st June 2009 and is situated in Virginia , in the United States .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and held the office of Vice President of New Democracy .
Agnes Kant , who worked for the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark and Greenlandic is the official language in Denmark .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan , New York City , New York State , U . S .
The official religion of Denmark is the Church of Denmark .
The Parliament of Catalonia is the leader of the region from where Arros negre originates from . It is part of Spain and the country ' s led by Felipe VI .
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago ( United States ) , where 300 North LaSalle is located .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont whose largest city is Burlington . He represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig party .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and attended the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens .
Asilomar State Beach is one of the significant buildings designed by architect Julia Morgan , who also designed The Asilomar Conference Grounds .
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . It has a mass of 1 . 1kg and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
The Abarth 1000 GT has a Coupé body style , and its wheelbase is 2160 . 0 millimetres .
Gregory L Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated with University of Texas System ) from which Elliot See graduated .
Hugo Sperrle was the commander in the Battle of France .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) has a CODEN code of ATISET and a LCCN number of 89646863 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States . The language of both the US and Great Britain is English .
The land area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is 486 . 2 square kilometres while its total area is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States .
Acura is a division of the manufacturer , Honda , who produced the Acura TLX with an Inline - four engine .
Ayam penyet is from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader .
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township which is in Madison County , in Indiana ( United States ) . The Capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
The Aston Martin V8 ( featuring a 5 . 3 litre engine ) is manufactured in the U . K . and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 . It was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , which is manufactured by Aston Martin .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the United States where Alpharetta , Georgia is also located .
John Madin is the architect of 103 Colmore Row , located in Colmore Row .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who is attached to the club CD Aguila .
Turkmenistan Airlines operate Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat which is located 211 metres above sea level . The airport runway is 2989 . 0 metres in length and has the name 11 / 29 .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Mamnoon Hussain .
When lettuce is added to a bacon sandwich it is known as a BLT .
Alpena Country Regional Airport is located 210 metres above sea level , in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . It ; s runway , 1 / 19 , runs a length of 1533 . 0 . The airport serves the city of Alpena Michigan .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Theresa Andersson .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dila Gori .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorised as a contributing property and located in Adams County , Pennsylvania which is north of Cumberland County . The County is northwest of Maryland ' s Carroll County and northeast of Frederick County , Maryland .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , powered by Wärtsilä , was built at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki . It is 99 . 83m long and has a 21 . 2m ship beam .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais at 911 metres above sea level . The runway name is 15 / 33 and it has a length of 2215 . 0 .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country of Ethiopia .
Elizabeth II is the leader in the United Kingdom where English is the spoken language . The company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins publishes the AIDS ( journal ) in the country . It is owned by its parent company of Wolters Kluwer .
A better variation of the bacon sandwich is BLT which also includes lettuce and tomato .
Alan B . Miller Hall is in Virginia , U . S . and Mason School of Business are tenants there .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense which has 17000 members and the nickname Asa Gigante .
Akeem Ayers , who was born in 1989 , made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and has also played for the New England Patriots .
Dave Challinor is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F . C .
Asser Levy Public Baths , located on 23rd Street Manhattan , was added to the National Register of Historic Places April 23 , 1980 and has reference number : 80002709 .
Asam pedas comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
103 Colmore Row is located at Colmore Row and designed by John Madin born in Birmingham . It has the Brutalist architecture style .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances and the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham .
Elizabeth II is the leader of United Kingdom where the currency is Pound sterling and 20 Fenchurch Street is located . The capital is London which is lead via the European Parliament .
The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War and were used in the invasion of Panama . Al Asad Airbase is operated by the US Air Force .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Denmark has a magistrate government .
The bronze Atatürk Monument was inaugurated on the 27th July 1932 at İzmir , Turkey , a country led by Ahmet Davutoglu .
The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 49805501 .
Abraham A Ribicoff , a United States national , was borni n the U . S . where , African Americans are one oft he ethnic groups . Married to Casey Ribicoff , Abraham A . Ribicoff , died in New York City , New York , U . S .
Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . He has performed trance music , which has its origins in house music .
Antwerp International Airport services , French speaking , Antwerp , Belgium ( led by Philippe of Belgium ) .
A . S . Roma plays in the Serie A league in Rome , Italy but the Serie A champions are Juventus F . C .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 are the same kind of means of transportation .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 103 Hera , originated from Canada and died from peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock formation in Cornwall . Located to the west of England ' s capital , London , Cornwall is a county with its own language , known as Cornish .
Binignit should be served as the dessert course .
1101 Clematis , with an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 , has a mass of 5 . 7 kg and an epoch date of 31st July 2016 .
Airey Neave was in the Royal Artilllery , which has one of its garrisons at Hohne and fought in the Second World War . Benito Mussolini was a commander in this war .
A variation of Amatriciana sauce includes onion , garlic , black pepper , and chili .
The creator of Bolt ( comics character ) is Paris Cullins .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar , he is in Vitesse Arnhem and plays for AFC Ajax .
A Long Long Way was preceded by Annie Dunne .
Chicharrón is found in the Andalusia region .
The leader of Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) is called the Mayor of Albuquerque .
Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe , who was Vice President when Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office . Al - Amin Daggash was the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Air Force . The Nigerian Air Force used the Aermacchi MB - 339 as a trainer aircraft .
The Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of Audi , which was founded by August Horch and is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java which is where Ayampenyet comes from . Ayam penyet contains fried chicken and is made nationwide and can be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , where Austrian German is the language spoken .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , in Austria , and died in Graz .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , located in the state of Indiana , whose capital is Indianapolis .
Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and is the location of Aarhus AIrport , Tirstrup .
The total area of Alpharetta , Georgia is 55 . 4 SqKm .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania state .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the capital city of Ankara , although the largest city is Istanbul . The currency of the country is the Turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad has played for both Al - Naft and Esteghial Ahvaz FC .
Rock music , NRBQ band , member , Al Anderson started his career in 1966 and was a member of The Wildweeds .
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia which has the currency of the Indonesian rupiah .
Albany is a city in Oregon , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans .
The Turkish currency is the Turkish lira .
Aaron Turner , played with the band Twilight and performed for House of Low Culture .
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs and its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 km .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the population is known as Americans . 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the country which has Washington DC as its capital city and is led by the President .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The book is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
11 Diagonal Street , with 20 floors , was designed by Helmut Jahn and completed in 1983 .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and he attended Erasmus University Rotterdam . He worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC .
Colombian bandeja paisa includes a fried egg .
Adam Koc fought in World War 1 and was awarded the Cross of Independence .
The traditional Spanish dish Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , where Ximo Puig is the leader . The language in Spain is Spanish and the leader of the country is Felipe VI .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who is a member of the Irlam Town F . C and was a player for Runcorn FC Halton .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and also played for the Houston Texans .
Apollo 12 ' s backup pilot was Alfred Worden .
Amarillo is situated in Potter County in Texas and is 1099 . 0 above sea level . It has a population of 746 people per square kilometre and its total area is 233 . 9 square kilometres . The area code for Amarillo is 806 .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region .
The Ganges is India ' s most well known river .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) served as a test pilot but is now deceased .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Mexican Spanish is spoken and one of the local foods is bionico .
NRBQ member Al Anderson , born in the United States , is formerly of the band , The Wildweeds .
Alfred Garth Jones sadly died circa 1944 .
Americans are the people occupying the U . S .
Abilene , Texas are both part of the U . S . and the state ' s capital is Austin .
Ardmore airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae . The length of the runway is 1411 and its name is 07 / 25 .
The AIDAluna which has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres started its service on the 22nd of March , 2009 .
Andra who sings Rhythm and blues , began her singing career in 2000 .
The Monocacy National Battlefield is where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , established on 11 July 1907 , is located . The closest city is Frederick , Maryland .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has 320 pages . The OCLC number is 78771100 .
Ayam penyet has fried chicken in it .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore whose leader is Tony Tan .
Curitiba is part of Parana State and is served by Afonso Pena International airport which is operated by Infraero and located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove , California . 87000823 is it ' s reference number in the National Register of Historic Places .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay , a country led by Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
Ayam penyet , which uses fried chicken , is made nationwide and can be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
Spacewatch discovered The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , which has an orbital period of 39447000 . It also has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and it has a mass of 8 . 3 kilograms .
The Acura TLX ' s engine type is the Honda J , which was manufactured by Honda .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the instrument called the bodhran and her music genre is Psychedelic folk .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom . The language used in the UK is English and the leaders include Elizabeth II and David Cameron .
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands .
hmad Kadhim Assad played for the clubs Al Shorta SC and Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and the location of Agra Airport . The Indian Air Force , who operate the airport , us the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
Funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London ( which has European Parliament as leader ) .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey which capital is Ankara .
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region , Colombia . It includes Avocado , part of the Lauraceae family .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is where the Government of Addis Ababa is currently located and it ' s floor area covers 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
FC Samtredia ' s home ground is located in Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 101 Helena , studied at the University of Michigan .
AEK Athens FC who ' s grounds are in Athens compete in the Superleague Greece , the champion of which is Olympiacos F . C .
Abner W . Sibal , member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District was succeeded by Donald J . Irwin .
The AIDAstella is 253 . 26m long and has a beam of 32 . 2m . Her maiden voyage was on March 17th 2013 .
The Euro is the currency in Finland .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan . The runway length is 3360 . 12 and the runway name is 18L / 36R .
Albennie Jones is a solo singer .
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax and manages AZ Alkmaar .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army , which battled in the American Civil War .
Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the popular Malaysian dish Ayam penyet .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War , where the US national Alfred Scales Moore took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville . The US is home to an ethnic group called African Americans .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Math . Hungar . " and the LCCN number of 83646315 . It falls under the academic discipline of Math .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings .
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato but it also uses coconut milk .
The designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
The Uruguayan currency is the Uruguayan peso .
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam , where the airport serving the city is called Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
The Atlas II originates from the United States where the people are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of African Americans . The capital of the country is Washington DC and it is led by the President .
Attica , Indiana is part of Fountain County United States which has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km , is above 166 . 0 sea level , and has 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
1000 Piazzia was formerly called " 1923 NZ1951 OB " .
With an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km / s , 110 Lydia , has a temperature of 168 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
The United States is the residence of A T Charlie Johnson .
Guiana Space Centre was the launch site of the Ariane 5 , which was manufactured by the European Space Agency . Its first voyagevwas on August 11 . 2005 and the last was on December 18 . 2009 .
The bakewell tart includes fruit preserves . The variant is Bakewell pudding , originating from Patrick McLoughlin led Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire .
Bacon sandwiches , which have the variation known as BLT , are popular in the UK . Condiments are used in their preparation and they have many different names including bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
Bacon is an ingredient of a BLT ; or bacon sandwich .
Ace Wilder is a singer .
Harrietstown , New York is in the United States .
Appleton International airport serves Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsin . Both Menasha ( town ) and Dale are parts of Greenville .
Amsterdam is served by the Schiphol airport which is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The runway length is 3800 .
AZAL Arena is located in Azerbaijan .
The company Populous is the architect of 3Arena which is located at North Wall , Dublin . and completed in December 2008 .
Birmingham , led by the Conservative Party , was the birthplace of John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Albert B . White , born in Cleveland and married to Agnes Ward White , was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
From Vermont , Alvah Sabin , represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . The largest city in Vermont is Burlington .
The people of Spain are known as Spaniards and are led by Felipe VI of Spain . Arros negre is from the country .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which comes from Singapore .
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard ( in Helsinki ) built the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov which is in service .
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States where the title of the leader is President . The English language is spoken in the US and it is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Bill Oddie , who was born in Rochdale , starred in Bananaman .
Black metal musician and Lotus Eaters member Aaron Turner began his career in 1995 . He is a former member of Twilight .
Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C . F . C . and Inter Milan , but now manages A . S . Livorno Calcio .
Associated with the group Greymachine , Aaron Turner , is a Black metal musician . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the Turkish leader . The local currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara , but it is in Izmir that the bronze Ataturk monument is located .
Blue is the colour of the New Democracy in Greece .
Singapore ( leader Halimah Yacob ) and Indonesia have the dish beef kway teow .
The Antares rocket function is a medium expendable launch system .
The epoch date of 410777 2009 FD is 27 June 2015 it was discovered by Spacewatch .
Andrew Rayel is a pianist who is associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . Christian Burns musical genre is house music .
The abbreviation " ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems and the ISSN number is 1046 - 8188 .
At the Ardmore airport in New Zealand , the 3rd runway is made from Poaceae which belongs to the flowering plants division and is in the class of Monocotyledon .
A . S Roma ground is Stadio Olimpico and has 70634 members .
The Aktieselkab organisation operates Aarhus Airport , which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 degrees Celsius and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 km .
Alan Bean was a member of the Apollo 12 crew .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana .
Annibale de Gasparis discovered 10 Hygiea , whose former name was A900 GA and had its epoch date on 27th June 2015 . It has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days .
AC Chievo Verona ' s home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi . They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC have been champions .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is based in the US .
The Acura TLX is mid - size class of car .
With a Coupe bodystyle , the last Abarth 1000 GT Coupé rolled off the production line in 1958 .
109 Felicitas , has an apoapsis of 523329000 kilometres , and weighs 7 . 5kgs .
Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club .
The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere , based in Italy .
Admisham Hall , completed in 1931 , is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka .
Cleveland is in the United States .
Al Anderson plays for the rock band NRBQ and was also a former member of the Wildweeds band . Mr . Anderson , born in the U . S . , began his career in 1966 .
Lemons are classified in the order sapindales and are an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
The company Populous were the architects of the 3Arena on North Wall Quay which was completed in December 2008 .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine , a hardtop and is also called the Dodge Custom Royal .
Contra Costa County in California is part of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Abraham A Ribicoff is a US National as he was born in the United States , where the African Americans are an ethnic group . He was married to Casey Ribicoff and died in New York .
English is spoken in Great Britain and is also the language of the United States . The United States is led by Barack Obama and is the origin of A Fortress of Grey Ice .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . It was established in 2000 and his president is B . M . Reddy . its affiliation is Visvesvaraya Technological University and it has 700 of postgraduate students .
Archarya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai , Bangalore . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and it was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education .
James Craig Watson was a Canadian national , who studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin . He discovered 101 Helena which has a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The Alhambra is owned by P & O and was built by the Samuda Brothers . The Alhambra has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type engine and this company is located in Deptford .
Alan Bean has now retired . He was born on 15 March 1932 . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 which was commanded by David Scott .
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , which is part of Ellington , Greenville , and Dale .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York which is a part of Erie County and the leader is Byron Brown .
Batchoy originated from the Philippines . The Philippines is also home to the Igorot and Zamboangans people and has the Arabic and Philippine Spanish languages .
One of the variations of Barny Cakes is with Strawberry flavour . They contain 1 . 8g of protein , 4 . 8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbs .
The BBC is located in London .
Karnataka is located southwest of Telangana and has the Arabian Sea to the west . It is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore . The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and offers the sport of tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was a member of the Justicialist Party . He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Issac Rojas .
Agra Airport in Agra is operated by the Indian Air Force .
Albert B . White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , United States and was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson .
Frank Borman was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
Bacon explosion which contains bacon and sausage is a dish found in the United States .
Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C . F . C . and now manages A . S . Livorno Calcio and plays at the A . S . Roma .
Jorge Humberto Rodgriguez plays for the Alianza F . C . club .
The final flight of the Atlas II was on 2002 - 12 - 05 .
The ruler of the United Kingdom , where Aston Martin V8 , which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage related to the Aston Martin DBS , was assembled , is Queen Elizabeth II .
The printed book , A severed Wasp has 388 pages and the OCLC number is 8805735 .
Amatricana Sauce comes from Italy where Italians live and the capital is Rome . Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are both leaders in Italy .
Auburn is part of Alabama in the United States .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Japan .
Andrew White is a musician signed to the record label Fiction .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is leader .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California , which is in Orange County .
Anaheim , California elevation is 48 . 0 above the sea level .
Fallujah , Iraq is served by an airbase called Al - Taqaddum . Iraq is led by Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum and the official language of the country is Arabic .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Moscow , where the leader is Sergey Sobyanin .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , originates from India and is made with vegetables .
Guitar player , Aaron Deer is an Indie Rock musician . Indie Rock came from garage rock music .
The Aston Martin V8 is made by Aston Martin and assembled in the UK which is led by Elizabeth II . It is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion , it is a main course which includes bacon and sausage .
François Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France , where Barny Cakes come from .
The rotation period for 11264 Claudiomaccone which has an epoch date of 26 . 11 . 2005 , is 11473 . 9 . It ' s apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
Abilene Regional Airport , located 546 metres above sea level , has the location identifier ABI .
Ayam penyet , from the Singapore region of Java , has fried chicken in it .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was a national of the United States . , the country where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Born in the United States , Abraham A . Ribicoff , married Casey Ribicoff and died in New York City .
The California State Senate leads Anaheim , which is part of Orange County in California .
Anderson , is part of the Anderson / Adams Township , Madison County in Indiana .
The length of the AIDAluna ship beam is 32 . 2 .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where English is the main language , and Paul Ryan is a leader alongside the President of the United States .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has the fullname A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis . It is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli , played in the 2014 season and has 1500 members .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the A . C . Milan club and the A . S . Roma which is part of Serie A . The A . C . Milan is managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are both leaders in Belgium . The French language is used in the country which is the location of Antwerp International Airport serving the city of Antwerp .
Stellendam born Ab Klink studied at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon , the latter of which is a Puerto Rican national .
200 Public Square in the United States has 45 floors , a total area of 111484 square metres and was completed in 1985 .
The Mariott International Hotel in Denmark is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
Indonesia ( led by Jusuf Kaila ) is the home of the dish Batagor and variations such as Siomay . Siomay features peanut sauce , and has its own variations , such as Shumai .
US Army member Alfred N . Phillip , born in Darien , Connecticut , is a member of the U . S . House of Representatives . The U . S . Army fought in the Whiskey Rebellion .
Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow .
Americans , is the name given to the inhabitants of the United States . This country is where Albany , ( in Georgia ) is situated . It also the country where African Americans are an ethnic group .
103 Hera has a rotation period of 85466 . 9 and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The Abarth 1000 GT has a coupe bodystyle and has a straight - four engine .
ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . is the abbreviation of ACM Transactions on Information Systems which is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco designed Asilomar Conference grounds , The Riverside Art Museum and other significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco .
Akron , Ohio is part of the United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 and its periapsis is 29919600000 . 0 .
Amarillo , Potter County is located within Texas , which boasts its capital of Austin . Texas is part of English speaking , United States .
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office located in the Ukraine .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer whose musical genre is rhythm and blues .
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force which is commanded by Sadique Abubakar .
Kansas City , USA is the home of the Bacon Explosion it includes sausage and bacon .
Manuel Valls and Garard Larcher are leaders of France . Baked Alaska is found both in France and New York . One of the languages of New York is Spanish .
Monroe Township is part of Madison County , Indiana .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . Johann Schneider Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland and Swiss Psalm is the Swiss national anthem .
The comic book character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio in the United States . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
Clyde F . C . ' s football ground is called Broadwood Stadium .
The four - stroke engine , ALCO RS - 3 , built by Montreal Locomotive Works , is 17068 . 8mm long , with 12 cylinders . It was made from May 1950 to August 1956 .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba lulia which is part of Alba County .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas , in the United States , where English is spoken .
The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula , Indonesia and Malaysia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Madrid , where the People ' s Party is the leading political organization .
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly . It is the location of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Hilmi Guner and Huseyin Butuner and dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who lost their lives at the Battle of Baku .
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from and is where the Italian language is spoken .
Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music and is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine and with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn .
The Atlas II is from the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the leader has the title President .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where they speak English and Barack Obama is the president . They also speak English in Great Britain .
Anders Osborne plays blues music and is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit and the band Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Abner W . Sibal fought in World War II , where one of the commanders was , Chiang Kai - shek .
Alan Bean , born in the United States , was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Erasmus University in Rotterdam is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Dead Man ' s Plack , located in England , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . England ' s capital city is London and one of the ethnic groups of the country are the British Arabs . One of the languages spoken in England is Cornish .
Finland is the builder of the icebreaker called the Aleksey Chirikov which has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines is the home of Batchoy . The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County , part of the Greater Los Angeles , area in California .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial can be found is Azerbaijan which is led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade who leads the National Assembly .
The American submarine NR - 1 is 45000 . 0 millimetres long .
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 in Cleveland .
The Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 was the launch site of the Antares Rocket and is also associated with the Minotaur IV rocket .
Black Canadians are one of the ethnic groups of Canada which is led by , Elizabeth II . Aaron Boogaard ' s birthplace is Canada where the national anthem is , O Canada .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0 , an orbital period of 16244700 and its epoch date was on July 14th 2004 . Its periapsis is 29919600000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 162164091 . 8388 kilometres .
Boris Johnson is a leader in London , where Alfred Garth Jones died . He was born in England .
A . F . C . Blackpool play at their ground in Blackpool and is part of the North West Counties Football League .
General Dynamics Electric Boat . located in Groton , Connecticut , is the builder of the American submarine NR - 1 .
110 Lydia , with a mass of 6 . 7 kg , an epoch of 31st December 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 kmps has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 . The periapsis measurement for 110 Lydia is 377016000000 . 0 .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra in Indonesia , a country led by Joko Widodo . The Acehnese and Malays are both ethnic groups in Sumatra .
' Above the Veil ' which was written by Garth Nix , has the OCLC number 46451790 .
William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , retired on 1 September 1969 . During his career he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member of the Apollo 8 mission alongside commander Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin .
Grantville Gazette II preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank California .
Arem - arem is made with compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . It is found all over Indonesia and more specific to Java . Lemper is a variation of that dish .
Antioch and the the San Francisco Bay area are part of Contra Costa County in California . The English language is spoken in California .
Born in the United States , Abraham A . Ribicoff , worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare , and his wife is Casey Ribicoff .
One of the commanders of the Gulf War was Colin Powell . Adam Holloway was involved in the battles and he began his career on 5 May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards .
The 1955 Dodge is a sedan type vehicle that has a V8 engine .
Bhajji includes vegetables as ingredients and comes from the Karnataka region .
Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico . The main ingredients of the dish are sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut .
There is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans and the address 11 Diagonal Street is also located in South Africa .
The people of Texas are known as Texans .
Angola International airport is 159 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 4000 , serves the city of Luanda and is located in Icolo e Bengo .
A variation of the bacon sandwich , that comes from the UK and has bread as an ingredient , is the BLT . The BLT is also a variation of the club sandwich .
The first runway of Appleton International Airport has a length of 8002 feet and an elevation of 280 metres above sea level .
Bananaman began airing on the BBC on 10 / 03 / 1983 and its last broadcast was April 15th , 1986 . The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright and among its stars are Jill Shilling .
Batchoy , a Philippine dish , includes : noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . It is also found in La Paz , lloilo City .
The Antares rocket is comparable with the US Delta 11 which was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Aaron Turner is a singer who plays Black Metal music and in the Twilight band . He played for the group Greymachine also . Death metal music is a fusion of black metal .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province ( leader : Austin Fernando ) , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency used in the country is the Sri Lankan Rupee .
American Motors manufactures the AMC Matador . Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person at American Motors which has The Wheel Horse as a subsidiary . Eagle is the successor to American Motors .
Albuquerque in New Mexico is part of Bernalillo County and uses the area codes of 505 and 575 . It has a total area of 490 . 9 sq kms which includes land area of 486 . 2 sq km , and a population density of 1142 . 3 people per sq km .
Aston Martin Virage and Aston Martin DBS are related types of transportation .
Alex Day is a British synthpop musician . Synthpop is a derivative of house music and has its stylistic origin in new wave music .
Ann Arbor is in Michigan .
Antwerp International Airport has an elevation of 12 . 0 metres above sea level and is operated by the Flemish government .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York , and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
English is spoken in California .
Bacon sandwich , a variation of the club sandwich , is a dish from the United Kingdom . One of its ingredients is tomato . David Cameron is a leader in the UK .
Alan Frew ' s musical genre is Alternative rock , which has the sungenre , Christian alternative rock .
Duncan Rouleau is an American .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada in 1986 .
In Pakistan , the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport .
Goslarer SC 08 club member , Aaron Hunt , plays for Vfl Wolfsburg , the manager of which , is Dieter Hecking .
The A - Rosa Luna ship has a 2 × MTU 16V 2000 M60 engine .
Alan Shepard graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 .
Affiliated with the Association of American Universities , Cornell University is in the city of Ithaca , New York , with its president Elizabeth Garret it publishes Administrative Science Quarterly .
Alan Shepard spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
Appleton International Airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439 . 0 . It is operated from Outagamie County , Wisconsin .
The United States House of Representatives , located at the United States Capital , leads Anaheim , California , where English is spoken .
AIDAluna is powered by Illinois based Caterpillar Inc where the key person is Douglas R . Oberhelman .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK where the Bacon sandwich is a dish . It can include ketchup as one of the ingredients . Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT which in turn is a variation of a Club Sandwich .
Andrew Rayel is associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , but Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia . They use the Euro as currency . Ajobkanci , found in Andalusia is a food that originated in Spain .
Poland born Abradab began his career in 1994 He is associated with Kaliber 44 and Magik .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Now retired , he was selected by NASA in 1963 , and was a crew member of the Apollo 11 .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India has 250 academic staff . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi and India ' s largest city is Mumbai .
Albert Jennings Fountain came from New York where one language spoken is Arabic .
The Akita Museum of Art is located on 3 floors and is 3746 . 66 square metres .
The main ingredient of binignit is banana , along with sago . The dish can be found in the Philippines .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , by J . V . Jones , in in print with the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
The currency in Finland is the Euro .
The AMC Matador with a AMC V8 engine was made in Mexico City and is also called the VAM Classic .
Bob McNair is the owner of the Houston Texans , who play in Texas . Akeem Dent , who debuted with the Atlanta Falcons , used to play for the Houston Texans .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of the United States of America where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat , India , the location of Amdavad ni Gufa .
Found in Chicago with 300 floors , the 300 North LaSalle was designed by architect Pickard Chilton and was completed in 2009 .
Ahmet Ertegun came from Washington Dc and plays rock and roll .
One of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language .
Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members , he played in the 2011 season .
A cookie is a dessert and so is a Baked Alaska , which comes from the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircrafts . The USAF uses Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts and General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcons . The United States Air Force battled in the Invasion of Grenada .
Aleksandr Chumakov has played for FC Torpedo Moscow .
Beef is an ingredient in the Chinese dish Bakso .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , United States and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico Territory .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in 2000 in the country India and has 700 postgraduate students . The institute has connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in Belgaum . The exact location for the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . " .
Atlantic City is in Atlantic County , New Jersey , in the United States . The country ' s capital is Washington D . C . and its largest city is New York City . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . S .
Turkmenistan airlines are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport located 211 metres above sea level in Ashgabat . The airport runway has a length of 3800 . 0 and is named 12R / 30L , .
Ace Wilder works as a solo singer . He was born in Sweden .
Alex Day who started performing in 2006 , plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and he is associated with the musical artist , Charlie McDonnell .
Arrabbiata sauce comes from the Rome region of Italy . Its main ingredients are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS , and it has the ISSN number 0269 - 9370 .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 and its former name is " A894 VA ; A904 VD " . 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days , a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km / sec .
103 Colmore Row , located in Birmingham , with 23 floors , was completed in 1976 .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense nickname is Asa Gigante .
Arros Negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where the leader is Carles Puigdemont .
Atlanta is the largest city of Fulton County , Georgia , the county where Alpharetta is located .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarwak and now resides in Kuching is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He was later succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia in the U . S .
The icebreaker ship , Aleksey Chirikov , was built in Finland , by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States wher the leader is the President , the capital is Washington D . C . and The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Almonds are an ingredient in Ajoblanco ( alternatively called ajo blanco ) from Spain .
AZ Alkmaar ' s ground is AFAS Stadion .
The architect of 300 North Lasalle located in Illinois was Pickard Chilton .
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where they speak English .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8g of protein , 4 . 8g of fat , and 18 grams of carbs .
Founded in Italy was the Abarth foundation that created the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe . It was designed by Gruppo Bertone .
Alison O ' Donnell plays Jazz whose fusion genre is Afrobeat and funk is one of its derivative .
Bill Marriott is one of the key people at the Marriott International which is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and has a diesel - electric transmission .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and is signed with Deram Records and Kissing Spell Records . The former recording studio is in London . Funk music is derived from jazz .
Azal Pfk are in season 2014 , and have 3500 members .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport , located in : Madrid ( Spain ) , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and operated by ENAIRE .
Mondelez International , founded in Chicago , is the creator of Barny cakes which come from France . François Hollande and Claude Bartolone are French leaders .
Akron , Ohio is at a height of 306 . 0 above sea level .
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and it contains the main ingredients sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk , granola , raisins and shredded coconut .
With an assembly line in Italy , the Alfa Romeo 164 , is a similar means and thereby related to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are in Pacific Grove , California in the United States .
Appleton International Airport , which can be found in Greenville , Menasha , Wisconsin , serves Appleton . Appleton is part of Kimberley , Wisconsin .
Caterpillar Inc was founded in California and located in Peoria , Illinois , U . S . Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person for that company and its engine powers the AIDAluna craft .
Abilene can be located in Texas which is part of the United States of America .
Andrews County Airport , 973 metres above sea level , is located in Texas and serves Andrews , Texas . The airport ' s runway length is 896 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , home of the Purple Finch bird . As an adult he joined the navy and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold medal . It was no wonder that NASA chose Alan to crew the Apollo 14 mission .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where Barack Obama is the president .
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham , England was completed in 1976 and designed by John Madin . It has 23 floors .
Angola , part of Pleasant Township , is in Steuben County , Illinois , USA . Americans , of which Native Americans are an ethnic group , live in the USA .
Atlantic City is in Altlantic County , New Jersey in the United States . Washington DC is the capital of the US and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Former Brazil national under - 17 football team member , Abner , plays for the club , Real Madrid Castilla which is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis .
Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa .
Bananaman was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling .
The city of Alba Iulia has a University called " 1 Decembrie 1918 University " .
The asteroid 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th , 2015 and an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second . It has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days , an apoapsis of 523 , 951 , 582 . 33968 kilometres and was discovered by Annibale de Gasparis .
Joe Biden is a leader in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is that of the Asian Americans . The country is the origin of the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians which is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain .
Binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato ( a flowering plant of the order Solanales ) and taro .
Abraham A . Ribicoff is married to Ruth Ribicoff .
Abilene is in Jones County , Texas , U . S . The language spoken in the U . S . is English .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Sarawak . He was a member of the Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak Party and was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff and 600 students . The dean of the academy is Mario Botta . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
N R Pogson , who died in Chennai , was an Englishman born in Nottingham . He discovered 107 Camilla which has the epoch date 31 December 2006 .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is part of Washtenaw County in the U . S .
Blue , white and orange are the colours of Acharya Institute of Technology .
McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle was a Fighter Aircraft of the United States Air Force .
The alternative name for The Arrow ( comics character ) is " Rick Parker " .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who is in the Carrarese Calcio club and plays for Varese Calcio S . S . D .
Above the Veil is followed by Into Battle .
Albany is part of Georgia ; which is in the United States .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in India and was established in 2000 . The Institute ' s President is B . M . Reddy and the Director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
" 200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio . The leader of Cleveland is Frank G Javkson and Cleveland ' s governing body is Cleveland City Council . " .
Originating in the United States , the Atlas II launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
3Arena , 28 . 0 metres high , was designed by Populous . It was completed in December 2008 and is a concerts and events venue type building .
The production of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe , a two door model , began in 1958 .
Ricky Sbragia is the coach of the Scotland national under 21 football team .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Maine and died in Massachusetts . He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
The asteroid called 11264 Claudiomaccone ; has an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second , an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres , and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days .
Erasmus University in Rotterdam ( Assoc . MBA ' s ) alum Ab Klink is a Netherlands national , where the euro is currency .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Adam McQuaid weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
Alan Bean who is American was born in Wheeler , Texas in March 15th 1932 . He served as a test pilot on Apollo 12 before retiring in June in 1981 .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and his alma mater was Magdalene College , Cambridge . He began his career on 5 May 2005 , serving in the Grenadier Guards and becoming a member of Parliament for Gravesham .
Lee County in Alabama , United States , is where you will find Auburn .
Washington DC is the capital of the US where Attica is located . The city is part of Logan Township , Fountain County in the state of Indiana .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena , which can be found in Dublin .
20 Fenchurch Street is located within the United Kingdom , the capital of which is London ( leader Boris Johnson ) . The currency of the UK is the Pound Sterling and the Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London .
Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman . It was broadcast by the BBC located in London .
Barny cakes are found in France where the French speaking people are led by Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone .
Monroe Township is part of Madison County in Indiana .
Agra airport is located in Agra and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG .
Polydor records are located in London . Andrew White is a musician signed to Polydor Records , located in London , whose previous record label was the ( now defunct ) Universal Records .
The comic character Auron was created by both Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece which is headed by Alexis Tsipras .
Alan B . Miller Hall was inaugurated on " 2009 - 10 - 02 " .
The leader of Spain , where Spanish is spoken , is Felipe VI . Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain . Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs .
The manufacturer of the Atlas II is Lockheed Martin .
The birth place of Abraham A Ribicoff , whose spouse is Ruth Ribicoff , is the United States so his nationality is American . African Americans are an ethnic group from the United States .
Bakewell pudding , a dessert , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in the Derbyshire Dales . The main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
Alison O ' Donell is an artist for the band Mellow Candle and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band . Her genre of music is folk rock .
Ab Klink is a national of the Netherlands , a country that uses the Euro for currency and is ked by Mark Rutte . Erasmus University Rotterdam , affiliated with the Association of MBA ' s , is Klink ' s alma mater .
A transport aircraft for the U . S . A . F . is the Lockheed C - 130 which is found on aircraft carriers . Al Asad airbase is operated by the U . S . A . F . and they were involved in the Korean war and the battle known as : - Operation Enduring Freedom .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane ; he also is associated with Torino F . C . and F . C . Bari 1908 .
London is the capital city of the United Kingdom where David Cameron is a leader along with Elizabeth II . The AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
Abradab was born on 12 Novemberr 1978 in Katowice , Poland . He played with the band Kaliber 44 and is musically associated with the rapper Magik .
Joe Biden is a political leader in the U . S .
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres .
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana ( United States ) , the state which Angola is a part of .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas at 610 metres above sea level and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway is named 14L / 32R and is 4349 metres long .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City . They were constructed in 1904 and have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture . The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 80002709 and was added on 23rd April 1980 .
A . S . Livorno Calcio ' s ground is in Livorno , Italy , and the club plays in Serie B .
Abel Hernandez played for Penarol ( manager : Jorge Orosmán da Silva ) , who are in the Uruguayan Primera División . He also played youth football for Central Espanol .
A . C . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy where Rome is the capital , Italians live and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Electropop has its origins in Disco .
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Mulatu Teshome is also a leader . The Amharic language is found in the country which is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall in Addis Ababa .
Abel Caballero is a national of Spain whose leader is Felipe VI .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Lambien , .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Ellington , Wisconsin , United States .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam which is in the Netherlands .
Italian born Michele Marcolini plays for Torino FC and is part of the Atalanta BC club . He currently manages the AC Lumezzane .
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California , was constructed in 1913 , has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places and architecturally is of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " .
The American Institute of Physics publishes AIP Advances which is edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who has Stanford University for an Alma mater .
1001 Gaussia ' s ( former name : A911 MD ) epoch date was 2015 - 06 - 27 and its orbital period is 5 . 75 days .
The mid - size AMC Matador , or American Motors Matador , is assembled in Thames , New Zealand and has an AMC V8 engine .
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan .
AIP Advances is published by the American Institute of Physics . It is edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson , whose alma mater is Harvard University , and whose doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham .
Aaron S . Daggett , who was born in Greene Maine , fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Walter baade graduated from University of Gottingen .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns .
Anderson city , Union Township , Madison County and Indianapolis , Indiana are part of the United States .
The ISSN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is 1046 - 8188 .
Akeem Priestley is in the Jackson Dolphins University team club . He is also associated with the Orange County Blues Football Club that has Oliver Wyss as its manager .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " .
Rhythm and blues artist Ahmet Ertegun was a non performing artist . Disco comes from R & B .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes including Grantville Gazette II , and is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in 2015 .
Elliot See was an American who studied at the University of Texas in Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 . He was born in Dallas and died in St . Louis .
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka state .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was created in 2001 and has 250 employees . The college is found in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest . The country is led by Kochi .
Susana Mendoza is a leader of Chicago , which is located in Chicago , Illinois in the United States and is the location of 300 North LaSalle .
Alexis Tsipras heads Greece .
A . C . Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy and they are in the Serie B league .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument has been provided by the National Park Service .
Alpharetta , Fulton County , Atlanta , Georgia are in the United States .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Mark Sima .
Rolando Naran is a member of the Calio Cantania and is manager of A C Chievo Verona .
Alex Day ; performs electronic music , plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with the musical artist , Charlie McDonnell .
The leader ' s title in Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) is Clerk , which is a municipal official .
The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95040 . 0 and its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
Alexandria is part of the state of Indiana , which can be found in the United States .
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece .
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia has a mean temperature of 154 kelvins and a maximum temperature of 165 kelvins .
Cornell University in Ithaca , New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities . and the Association of American Universities . The university publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza , Argentina , worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was in office while Juan Peron was President . Teisaire was a member of the Justicialist Party and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English the language spoken in Great Britain .
Akeem Priestley ' s birth place is Jamaica , which is led by Elizabeth II .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio .
Adam Koc was a Russian Civil War / Polish - Soviet War conflict veteran . The Polish - Soviet conflict was commanded by Leon Trotsky . Koc was born in Congress , Poland .
Al Anderson was born in the United States and became active in 1966 with the NRQB band while performing rock music and he also played with the Wildweeds .
Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow .
Ardmore airport ( New Zealand ) has a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae which is a member of the order of poales and commelinids and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
Anaheim , part of California , is led by the United States House of Representatives in the US Capitol .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte and the Euro is the currency .
Anaheim , in California , has a UTC offset of - 8 .
Antioch California has the postal codes 94509 and 94531 .
Elliot See who was a student of the University of Texas at Austin and served as a test pilot , has died .
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force .
Atlanta is the largest city of Fulton County , Georgia , U . S . Alpharetta is part of that county . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
In 1963 NASA chose William Anders to become a member of the Apollo 8 crew . Anders was a test pilot before that who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
Moscow is led by Sergey Sobyanin and is the deathplace of Aleksandr Chumakov .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , owned by the Bella Center , has 23 floors and is in Denmark . 3XN designed the hotel and one of its tenants is Marriott International Hotel .
Alessio Romagnoli used to play for the Italy national under - 19 football team .
Abradab performs hip hop music , a genre which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk .
Almond is classed as a flowering plant .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is led by the Mayor , has a population density of 1580 . 7 per sq km and a total area of 74 . 33 sq kms .
Marv Wolfman and the American , Jerry Ordway created Bo ( full name Bibbo ) Bibbowski .
Abilene , Texas is part of Jones County , Texas .
Albert Jennings Fountain died in the US , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Indian rupee is the currency in India where the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan . Bhajji originates from India in the Karnataka region .
Bandeja paisa has the ingredients : hogao sauce , red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , friend egg , plantain , chorizo , arepa , morcilla , avocado and lemon . It is a Colombian dish and is known in the Antioquia Department .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co . It manufactures the Acura TLX , which has a V6 engine .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and died in New York City .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Anders Osborne is associated with both the band , Galactic and with the musical artist Billy Iuso .
Born in Spain , Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain , who preceded Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Abner W Sibal was in the US Army and ended his military career on January 3rd 1965 . He fought in World War II - Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander in the same war .
Serving Andrews and located in Texas , Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 above sea level . It has a runway length of 8 . 0 and 2 / 20 is the name of the runway .
Alfred N . Phillips was a member of the US Army which fought in the American Revolutionary War .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s full name is " Asociación Deportiva " . It is managed by Jorge Humberto Rodríguez , its ground is located in Metapán , El Salvador and has 10000 members .
Quattro Gmbh and Lamborghini are subsidiaries of Audi , and Audi e - tron is a division of the company . Audi manufactures the Audi A1 and were founded by August Horch .
The Ariane 5 , manufactured by Arianespace , has its final flight on December 18 , 2004 . Guiana Space Centre was the launch site of the Ariane 5 .
Abarth was founded in Italy and manufacture the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
Alberto Teisaire , whose belongs to the Justicialist Party , was born in Mendoza , Argentina and was in office while Juan Peron was President .
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 .
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It is similar to the Delta II rocket from the United States which was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Amarillo , which is in Potter County , Texas , is 1099 above sea level , is 233 . 9 square kilometres large and has a population density of 746 people per square kilometre .
There are 992 . 6 people per square kilometres in Alpharetta , Georgia .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain , whose wife is Queen Sofia , was Monarch .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah .
Alvah Sabin ' s state is Vermont where the largest city is Burlington . Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party of the United States which is led by Daniel Webster .
The BBC was founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reith .
The ALV X - 1 rocket , 1 . 524 m . in diameter , had 1 failed launch .
AEK Athens FC home ground is The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . The club has 69618 members and competes in the Superleague Greece . Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the league .
The Antares rocket , built by Orbital ATK , launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The Antares is like the Delta II U . S . built rocket .
The Washington state capital is Olympia .
The runway name of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 07 / 25 .
Aarhus Airport , which is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , has a runway that ' s 2 , 776 long and is named 10L / 28R .
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in Agra .
Albert B White , who was succeeded by William M O Dawson , died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , United States .
The completion date of Adare Manor is 1862 .
Angola , Indiana is part of the U . S . where Asian Americans are one of several ethnic groups .
Akeem Priestley previously played for FK Mughan and currently for Orange County Blues FC managed by Oliver Wyss .
3Arena , in Dublin , is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
The location identifier for Appleton International Airport is ATW .
William ANders was born on 1933 - 10 - 17 in British Hong Kong . He received a M . S . from his alma Mater , AFIT in 1962 . He was a fighter pilot and retired on September 1st . 1969 .
The British Arabs are one of the ethnic groups to be found in England , which has the capital city of London . England is the location of the rock formation known as Dead Mans Plack , and where the main religion is the Church of England .
The US is inhabited by Americans , including the ethnic group of Native Americans . The capital city is Washington DC and the President is Barack Obama . The country is also the origin of 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
The University of Texas , the president of which is Gregory L . Fences , is affiliated with the University of Texas System , and was previously attended by Elliot See .
The book Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil .
AC Chievo Verona competed in the 2014 season .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria - formerly known as " 1928 RQ " was 31 December 2006 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and it was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Switzerland ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor .
The Antwerp International Airport , which is owned by the Flemish Region , is operated by the Flemish Government .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " .
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones was written by Brandon Sanderson .
The Alma Mater of Alan Bean is UT Austin , B . S . 1955 .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where the food ayam penyet is found . The dish is from the Singapore region .
William Anders was born October 17th 1933 in British Hong Kong , and now has United States nationality . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . , before going on to join NASA in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and is now retired .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin , USA . Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Ellington and Appleton is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York , and Albert Jennings Fountain died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico , in New Mexico Territory .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where Barack Obama is leader , and English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch .
Amatriciana sauce can be varied by adding garlic .
Abdulsalami Abubakar is from Nig where Yemi Osinbajo is the leader .
Visvesvaraya Technological University is located in Belgaum .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson . He was a canadian who died in Madison , Wisconsin . 101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 ( days ) .
Aaron Hunt played for the club SV Werder Bremen and now plays for Hamburger SV .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia , U . S . The county seat of that county is Atlanta .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson and also with Tab Benoit .
The capital of Italy is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grasso . Italy is made up of Italians and one of its traditional sauces is amatriciana sauce .
The length of the 1st runway at Amsterdam airport Schiphol is 3800 metres .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . The club has 17000 members and played in the 2015 season .
Elizabeth Garrett is president of Cornell University which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy , a country led by Matteo Renzi and whose capital is Rome .
Javenese people are an ethinic group found in Malaysia and Java . Ayam Penyet is a type of dish found in these places and the main ingredient is fried chicken .
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and began his career on May 5th 2005 . He is a membe of the Conservative Party in the UK and served in the Grenadier Guards . His alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge .
Asam pedas is a dish of fish in a sour and hot sauce found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , Indonesia and Malaysia .
Alfons Gorbach , who was born in Austria where the leader is Doris Bures , later died in Styria .
The fullname of A . C . Lumezzane , which has 4150 members , is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA .
The leader of France is Gerard Larcher and the country is home to the dish known as Barny cakes .
101 Helena , with the epoch date 31 December 2006 , has an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 ( days ) .
The leader , of Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , is Richard J . Berry .
11264 Claudiomaccone was discovered by Nikolai Chernykh and it has an average speed of 18 . 29km / s and its epoch date was on November 26th 2005 . It has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and its apoapsis is 475426000 kms .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English . The book is from the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
German born , Walter Baade ; studied at the University of Gottingen , dicovered 1036 Ganymed , and died in West Germany .
Anderson is in Madison County , Indiana in the United States .
The comic character of Auron ( whose full name is Lambien ) was created by Walt Simonson and the American , Karl Kesel .
The Grantville Gazette preceded The Grantville Gazette II .
Barry Ferguson is the manager for Clyde F . C .
The largest city of Washington state is Seattle .
The Alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a top speed of 18 . 52 .
Albert Uderzo is the creator of the comic character , Asterix .
Airey Neave was in World War II and his career ended on 30th March 1979 .
The Acura TLX has a V6 engine and is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant .
FC Amkar Perm player , Aleksandr Prudnikov , played for FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which , is based at Grozny .
AS Roma ' s ground is Stadio Olimpico and they have 70634 members . They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC have previously been champions .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and married to Casey Ribicoff . He was a national of the United States which has the African Americans as an ethnic group and later died there .
The 1634 The Bavarian Crisis was put in print .
Asam pedas is a Sumatran dish which is popular in Indonesia . The main ingredient is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
London is the capital city of the United Kingdom .
A Long Long Way and it ' s sequel The Secret Scripture is published by Viking Press , parent company Penguin Random House .
Bionico , which has condensed milk in it , is a dish served for dessert .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Albuquerque City Council whose leader is Richard J . Berry . The city is located in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Written in English , the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print and has 320 pages .
Italians inhabit Italy .
The Distinguished Service Medal of the United States Navy is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
The orbital Period of 1001 Gaussia is 5 . 75 days and the epoch date is 27 June 2015 .
Anaheim is part of California where Spanish is spoken .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan , New York City , United States .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team at the Otkrytiye Arena and his current club is FC Tom Tomsk .
Akeem Priestley plays for both the Dayton Dutch Lions and the Orange County Blues FC . The manager of the Orange County Blues FC is Oliver Wyss .
Abradab ; originated from Poland , is associated with the rapper Magik and is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 .
Agustin Barboza was born in the Spanish speaking country of Paraguay , where the leader is called Juan Afara . Agustin died in Asuncion .
Alan Bean , formerly a crew member of Apollo 12 retired in June 1981 .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , New York , in the United States .
Abel Callabero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia , Spain . He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Worker ' s Party and held office as the Minister of Transport .
The Aston Martin V8 is built at Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom . It is a coupe which has an engine volume of 5 . 3 litres . The Aston Martin V8 , Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and Aston Martin DBS are related forms of transport .
The leader of Japan is called Akihito .
The Alvis Speed 25 is classed as a Full - size car and has a wheelbase of 127 inches . It has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' which was written by Virginia DeMarce , is a hardcover publication .
Alfredo Zitarrosa death place was in Montevideo , Uruguay , where the leader is Tabare Vazquez .
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level , .
Abradab comes from Katowice in Poland and played for Kaliber 44 , the band . He is associated with Magik , the rapper .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , it has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days .
The leader of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands is Khadija Arib .
President Barack Obama is leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located .
In the U . S . where Washington D . C . is the capital , we will find African Americans and also the city of Albany in Oregon .
Akeem Ayers started with the Tennessee Titans . He then played for the Los Angeles Rams who play at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in L . A .
St Vincent - St Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
London is the capital of the UK and the bacon sandwiches are popular nationwide . BLT is a variation of club sandwiches .
Madison County has its county seat in Anderson , Indiana , Indiana ' s capital is Indianapolis and is home to Alexandria , Madison County , within the United States .
Alfred N . Phillip was a member of the US Army who retired on Jan . 3 , 1939 . The Whiskey Rebellion is a battle fought in the U . S .
Akron , Ohio is located in the U . S .
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and its epoch date was on 13 January 2016 . Its periapsis is 279142000000 . 0 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 km per sec .
Andrews County Airport , Texas is 97 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 8 . 0 .
Julia Morgan was the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and The Riverside Art Museum .
Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeler Texas , performed as a test pilot .
Alpharetta , Georgia has area codes 770 , 404 , and 678 .
Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D . C . in United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . He passed away in New York City .
Akeem Adams whose club is Central F . C . is a member of the United Petrotin F . C . club that has the Palo Seco as their ground .
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S .
Auburn is located in Pierce County , Washington , United States .
Akeem Priestley plays for the Orange County Blues FC .
The Alhambra , powered by the London based Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes , is owned by the P & O Company .
Schiphol Group operates the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Turkey ' s capital is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira . The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Ataturk monument is located in Izmir .
The Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the current leader . The hospital is situated in the Eastern Province where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II .
AS Roma ' s manager is Luciano Spalletti , who played for Udinese Calcio . He plays for both , Empoli F . C . and Virtus Entella .
Rock artist Anders Osborne performs under the record label Alligator Records .
Bandeja paisa originates from the Antioquia region of Colombia . One of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family .
Dead Man ' plack is made of rock and found in Cornwall , a region of England ( the capital of which is London ) where Cornish is spoken .
Albennie Jones was born ( 1914 ) in Errata , Mississippi , U . S . A . She performed as a background solo singer in a rhythm and blues band .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California , where one of the languages spoken , is Vietnamese .
Al Asad Airbase has an elevation above the sea level ( in feet ) of 618 .
The total area of Anderson , Indiana is 107 . 43 square kilometres .
Adare Manor designed by Augustus Pugin is located in Adare in County Limerick and completed in 1862 .
Grenadier Guards took part in the Battle of Waterloo .
Aleksandra Kovac , born in Yugoslavia in 1972 , is a solo singer whose genre is rhythm and blues .
Salem is the capital of Oregon .
A leader of the United States , which is home to 250 Delaware Avenue , is John Roberts .
The AMC Matador was assembled in Thames , New Zealand including the 1971 model year .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands . The currency in the Netherlands is the euro and the leader there is Mark Rutte .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal ( a higher award than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal ) by the United States Navy .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in England . He died in London in Sidcup .
109 Felicitas , which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . The periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 and the apoapsis is 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji which originates in India .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland whose governing body is Cleveland City Council .
1089 Tama which has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 , was formerly known as A919 HA ; 1927 WB and has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 .
Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary .
Alan Martin plays for both Crewe Alexandra FC , which is managed by Steve Davis , and also Accrington Stanley FC which has their ground in Accrington .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , which is operated by ENAIRE , can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The airport ' s runway name is 14L / 32R and has a length of 4 , 100 .
Alan Bean performed as a test pilot .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Math . Hungar . " and the ISSN number of " 1588 - 2632 " .
O Canada is the national anthem of Canada , where Elizabeth II rules . Alex Plante is Canadian , and English is the spoken language .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , operated by ENAIRE and located in Madrid , has runway 4349 meters long 14L / 32R runway .
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg .
Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujura , which is where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India .
Barny cakes have 18 grams of carbs and were invented in 1999 .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed several significant buildings , such as the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Musuem , and the Asilomar State Beach .
The birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo , in Uruguay . The leader of Montevideo is the politician Daniel Martínez .
Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D . C . .
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the rock band NRBQ . Blues has its origins in rock music and Bhangra music is considered a musical fusion of rock .
Aarhus Airport , which is 25 metres above sea level , is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . The runway name is 10R / 28L and has a length of 2776 . 0 .
The American Journal of Mathematics , which comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics , was first published in 1878 and has the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Rome is the capital , Italian is the official language and where there are leaders called Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella .
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff .
103 Colmore Row , with 23 floors , is located in Birmingham .
Rhythm and blues musician Ahmet Ertegun ' s date of birth was 1923 . R & B has its origins in Blues and gives itself to the base of Disco .
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois in the United States .
In the Republic of Ireland the currency is the euro , the language English , and the leader is Enda Kenny . It is the location of Adare Manor .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York , which is led by Byron Brown .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest , its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis , and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow in 1948 and was part of the national football team in the Soviet Union .
Aleksander Barkov Jr . was born in Tampere , Finland in 1995 .
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana , where the language us American English . Also part of Indiana , is Alexandria , which is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County .
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second , a temperature of 179 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , United States . Akron is led by Dan Horrigan .
Attica , Fountain County Indiana , is in the U . S . which has Washington D . C . as its capital .
The main ingredients in Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States , where New York is the largest city .
The A - Rosa Luna , completed April 6 , 2005 , weighs 1650 tons and is 125800 . 0 mm in length .
Born on the twentieth of January , 1930 , 1963 Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . graduate Buzz Aldrin has won 20 awards .
Amsterdam airport , Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is located at - 3 . 3528 above sea level with a runway length of 3400 . 0 .
Northwest of Mahe , India is the state of Kerala which is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 .
Written by Virginia DeMarce , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , is available in hardcover .
Born in Shirley , Derbyshire , John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office at the same time that Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President . Mr Akhigbe was succeeded by Atiku Abubakar .
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floor and is located in The United Kingdom ; which is led by Elizabeth II .
Alvah Sabin who represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District , died in Sycamore , Illinois .
Abraham A . Ribicoff who was born in Connecticut , U . S . A . , was the Governor of Connecticut and he is a member of the Democratic Party in the U . S . A . He died in New York City , New York .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza is Asuncion , Paraguay . Asunción is a part of Gran Asunción .
Adam Maher belongs to the clubs , AZ Alkmaar and PSV Eindhoven . The latter is managed by , Phillip Cocu .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States which is led by the President and includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans .
Bakso comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain . San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid and it is elevated 610 meters above sea level . It has a runway which measures a length of 3500 . 0 .
The Alma Mater of Alan Bean is UT Austin , B . S . 1955 . He performed as a test pilot . , was hired by NASA in 1963 as the crew of Apollo 12 . The Apollo 12 mission was operated by NASA , backup piloted by Alfred Worden with David Scott as the commander .
The population density in Alpharetta , Georgia is 992 . 6 inhabitants per sq km .
Switzerland , which is home to Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , is led by Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Baked Alaska , whose main ingredients include Meringue , ice - cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding , hails from Hong Kong and is thought to originate from the United States , France or China .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . It is the location of Agra airport which has the IATA location identifier of AGR .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC who are in the Qatar Stars League .
Alan Shepard won the American Defense Service ribbon .
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary and was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern . It is located at 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia and was completed on 1 June 2009 .
A . T . Charlie Johnson , ( U . S . resident and Alma mater : Stanford University ) is the editor of AIP Advances . The AIP Advances ISSN # is : 2158 - 3226 .
Michele Marcolini is part of the Atlanta B . C . Club and is affiliated with the youth club Torino F . C . . In addition he plays for A . C . Chievo Verona and manages A . C . Lumezzane .
English is the language spoken in the United Kingdom .
Alfred Moor Scales , a member of the Democratic Party was Governor of North Carolina and succeeded by James Madison Leach .
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama in Madrid .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in the country of Switzerland in the city of Mendrisio with a neighboring municipality of Meride . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Spaniards is the name for the people of Spain .
11264 Claudiomaccone has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 .
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , Kentucky but was raised in Dothan , Alabama .
The launch site of the Antares rocket , which is similar to the Delta II from the United States , was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The Minotaur IV rocket is associated with the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , from where it was launched .
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . S . , the country where Angola , Indiana located .
Abner W . Sibal was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and a member of the Republican Party of the United States .
2014 saw 1 . FC Koln , with 50000 members , participating .
Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from the Lazio region , Italy . It includes cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in the English Language . Asian Americans are one of many ethnic groups in the United States .
Agra airport is in India where the leaders are TS Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Montevideo is the birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa , where Daniel Martinez is the leader . Montevideo is the capital of Uruguay and the country ' s leader is Tabaré Vázquez .
Born in Athens , and succeeded by Makis Voridis , Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . In turn , Antonis Samaras , was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Argentinian ( Spanish speaking ) national Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires . Buenos Aires is led by Gabriela Michetti .
Alliant Techsystems produces the XM25 CDTE and makes the ALV X - 1 .
Concerts and events are hosted at 3Arena in Dublin which was designed by the architectural company Populous . It was completed in December 2008 and has a height of 28 metres .
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States where the leader is the President and the current Chief Justice is John Roberts . The capital city is Washington DC and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
The comic character Auron , otherwise known as " Lambien " was created by Marv Wolfman .
Found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is operated by ENAIRE . It has a runway with the length of 4 , 349 and 14L / 32R is the runway name .
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade , the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed . Baade was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen , the city where he later died .
Arlington in Texas lies 184 . 0 above sea level and has a population density of 1472 inhabitants for each of its 258 . 2 square kilometres . The area codes for Arlington include 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 .
Airey Neave fought in the Second World War and began his career on March 4th 1974 .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States and was designed by HOK .
The asteroid 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and an escape velocity of . 21 kilometres per second . It was formerly known as A900 GA and its orbital period is 5 . 57 days and measures 416 , 136 , 000 , 000 kilometres .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was attached to the Justicialist Party . He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
The city of Alderney is served by the Alderney Airport which has first runway made of asphalt .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is a member of Al Talaba SC .
The Euro is the currency of , and Spanish is the main language of , Spain , which is led by Felipe VI of Spain . Spanish , Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas .
Barack Obama is the president of the U . S . which is home to the severed wasp and also African Americans .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport located in Alcobendas , is operated by ENAIRE . ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid in Spain .
Yuzhnoye Design Office is located in the Ukraine .
A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich which is popular in the UK . The main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . This sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , written in English , is from the United States , where there is an ethnic group called the African Americans .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf .
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam , where Robert E Lee was a commander .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula , in Malaysia . This is where Malaya and Malaysian Indian are two of the ethnic groups .
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg .
Abel Hernandez played for Penarol and currently plays for the club U . S . Città di Palermo , which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
In 1995 began to realize the musician of the genre post - metal Aaron Turner in the band of Lotus Eaters , played in the Old Man Gloom .
Austin , Texas , is in the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group , and , where the leader is called the President of the United States .
Alan Shepard spent 13017 minutes in space .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad has played for both Steel Azin F . C . and Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States , a country where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania , falls under the category of Contributing property .
The U . K . Labour Party are the leaders of the Blackpool council in Blackpool . It is here that footballer , Stuart Parker , plays for Blackpool F . C . and where the ground of AFC Blackpool is located . Stuart Parker is the manager of A . F . C . Blackpool .
Aleksandr Chumakov , who is in the Soviet Union national football team , plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow . Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow which played in the 2014 - 15 Russian Premier League .
William Anders was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 along with fellow crew member Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae . Poaceae is of the order Poales and belongs to the order of Commelinids . As well as being part of the class Monocotyledon .
Columbus , Ohio is the city of the Columbus Blue Jackets which were Adam McQuaid ' s draft team . He also played for the club , Boston Bruins which is based in the city of Boston . Don Sweeney is general manager of the Boston Bruins .
A . C . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi and they played in Serie B but lost to Carpi FC 1909 .
Spanish is the language in Spain .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
The 1955 Dodge is manufactured by Dodge .
The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force who use the HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
Rome is the Birthplace of Juan Carlos I of Spain .
Akeem Priestley ' s former clubs include Antigua GFC and Orange County Blues FC , the latter of which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metres and a floor count of 45 . The building is located in Public Square , Cleveland and was completed in 1985 .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania .
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 .
Aleksandra Kovač , who was once a solo singer , performs soul music .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica , or Acta Math . Hungar . , has the code AMAHE9 and LCCN number 83646315 .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School is in Ohio in the United States and is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
107 Camilla was discovered on March 1st 2001 .
1001 Gaussia ' s epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 . It has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days and a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
Alfred Moore Scales was at the Siege of Petersburg .
Alan B Miller Hall , located in Virginia , was completed June 1st , 2009 and is owned by The College of William and Mary .
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds which were constructed in 1913 is Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number " 87000823 " , and were built in the Arts and Crafts Movement architectural style .
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia .
The asteroid , called 11264 Claudiomaccone , has an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second , and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
Sergey Naryshkin is a key person at the company Sovcomflot .
Alfredo Zitarrosa , born in Montevideo , is a solo singer that plays Milonga music for RCA Records .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . The country of Japan has an ethnic group of Koreans .
Finns live in Finland .
Ajoblanco contains water .
The birth place of Alfred Garth Jones is England .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3453 . 0 .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are in the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement .
William Anders official title is the United States Ambassador to Norway .
Alison O ' Donnell is a folk music performer with Static Caravan Recordings as her record label .
Blue is the colour of the Greek New Democracy Party , of which , Adonis Georgiadis is a member . Adonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . Antonis Samaras , was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
The Punjab , Pakistan , is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab .
Aaron S . Daggett was present at the Battle of White Oak Swamp .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s former clubs include FC Spartak Moscow ( home ground Otkrytiye Arena ) , where he played youth football and FC Terek Grozny , where the manager is Rashid Rakhimov . FC Rubin Kazan is another former club of his .
In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka , India . The Institute which was established in the year 2000 has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team and now plays for the Tom Tomsk FC whose home turf is the Otkrytiye Arena .
The Banjo instrument is closely associated with country music .
Aaron Deer is an Indie Rock bass player .
The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station .
Rhythm and blues music originated from the blues .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons which play in Atlanta . He used to play for Houston Texans which are based in the city of Houston .
The united States , under the leadership of Barack Obama , is home to ethnic groups such as Native Americans and is where the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians came from .
Funk is a derivative of jazz which originates from the blues and has its stylistic origins in folk music . Afrobeat is a musical genre fusion including Jazz as played by Alison O Donnell .
Austin , Texas , is in the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and where the inhabitants are known as Americans .
English is the main language spoken in the United States . This country is home to the Severed Wasp .
Casey Ribicoff ' s place of birth was Chicago .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , which is populated by Indian People .
Baked Alaska is from France where French is the spoken language and Gerard Larcher is the leader .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , elevated 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda . The airport ' s runway is called " South Runway " and is 4000 meters long .
AIDA Cruises , located in Rostock , is the owner of the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc . Caterpillar , Inc . , at which Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person , was founded in California .
The Antwerp International Airport is operated and owned by the Flemish Government . It serves the city of Antwerp .
The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by John Cowper Powys .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Iraq national under - 23 football team .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam . The runway is called 18C / 36C or Zwanenburgbaan and is 2014 metres long . Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
The runway length at Ashgabat International airport is 2989 . 0 .
Abner W . Sibal ' s successor was Donald J . Irwin .
109 Felicitas , with the epoch date 31st December 2006 , has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
The 1634 The Bavarian Crisis by Eric Flint , was put in print and has the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Albennie Jones , a jazz artist , has a background as a solo singer .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 600 students . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk monument in Izmir which was inaugurated in Turkey on 27 July 1932 . The Turkish currency is the lira and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
Guitarist Al Anderson has been a member of the band The Wildweeds and now plays for NRBQ . His genre is rock music , which has a musical fusion called bhangra .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . In 1963 he graduated from MIT with a Sc . D then became a fighter pilot and later a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
Christian Burns musical genre is pop music .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where English is the official language , and an ethnic group present is Asians . The title of the leader is President of the United States ; John Roberts is also a leader .
Verona , Italy is the home to A . C . Chievo Verona who is in the league , Juventus FC have been Serie A champions .
AC Lumezzane played in the 2014 season .
Chicago , Illinois in the US is led by Rahm Emanuel . 300 North LaSalle is located in the city and the state language is English .
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Is so , Tab Benoit and Phil Lesh and Friends .
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . based in Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , also played in the league in 2015 .
The launch site of the Delta II is Vandenberg Air Force Base .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the country ' s leader is leader is Pietro Grasso and obviously they speak Italian there .
Agra airport is located in India , which is owned and operated by the Indian air force . That is where the the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft is located . T S Thakur is the leader of India .
109 Felictas , which has a mass of 7 . 5kgs has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
Aleksandr Chumakov ' s birth place is Moscow and he died in Moscow , Russia , where the leader is Sergey Sobyanin .
The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Gardner Fox .
Akron Ohio is part of the United States of America , in which one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Stree , were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 withreference number 80002709 .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is also known as Acta Math . Hungar . and has the LCCN numbere 83646315 and the code of AMAHE9 .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) was built by Cammell Laird and comes from Argentina .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark , the country whose leaders name is Lars Løkke Rasmussen ( he has the title Monarchy of Denmark ) . The Church of Denmark is the main religion of the country .
Albennie Jones ( born in the USA ) performs in the rhythm and blues genre and has worked with the musical artist Sammy Price . Rhythm and blues music originated from the blues , and Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus where Jacob Bundsgaard is a leader .
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds ( constructed 1913 ) is Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and it holds the Reference Number 87000823 in the the National Register of Historic Places .
The city of Angola is located in Steuben County , Indiana as part of the United States and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
Anaheim , California has a UTC offset of - 7 , its area code is 657 and has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
Into Battle was followed by The Violet Keystone .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , country of Spaniards and the Spanish language . The leader is Felipe VI .
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . It is served for dessert and is from the Guadalajara region , Mexico .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 1960 feet long .
Albany is a city in Oregon .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is 610 metres above sea level , is in Paracuellos de Jarama . part of the community of Madrid in Spain .
Pakora can be varied by using paneer , and is similar to the snacks Bhajjis .
AEK Athens F . C . have 69618 members , their ground is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) and they play in the Superleague of Greece whose current champions are Olympiacos F . C . .
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and English speaking Singapore ( led by Tony Tan ) .
66391 199 KW4 has an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) with an average speed of 37 . 16 km per second .
Aleksandre Guruli is a member of the Georgia National Football team .
Mike Akhigbe belonged to the Nigerian Navy branch of the Military .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , in this country there is a ethnic group called Ilocano and they speak Philippine English .
The full name of A . D . Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan . Their ground is located in Metapán , El Salvador and they have 10000 members .
Attica , Fountain County , is part of the state of Indiana in the U . S . Covington is the county seat of Fountain County . Washington D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
Born in Darien Connecticut , Alfred N Phillips , worked as Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district and was succeeded by , Albert E . Austin .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . His occupation was a test pilot and he was selected by NASA in 1959 . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
The comic character Balder , full name , Balder Odinson was created by Stan Lee .
Arrondissement of Antwerp is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez clubs are Alianza F . C . and the FC Dallas club . He also manages AD Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 497 . 0 .
Operated by the Flemish government an downed by the Flemish region , is Antwerp International Airport . It serves the city of Antwerp , is 12 metres above sea level , and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F . C . club who play in Palo Seco .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is led by Austin Fernando . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and he was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain whose predecessor was Alfonso XIII of Spain . He was also in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister .
Anders Osborne is associated with musicians Billy Iuso and Johnny Sansone and once worked with Tab Benoit .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , is within the United States , where New York City is the largest city and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The capital of the state of New Jersey is Trenton .
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964 ; it has a height of 42 metres and 140000 square metres . Its current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa .
Robert E . Lee was a commander at the Battle of Cold Harbor .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London . Boris Johnson is a leader in London which is governed by the Greater London Authority and the UK Parliament .
Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S .
Atlantic City forms part of New Jersey , where the state capital is Trenton . New Jersey is located within the United States , where the largest city is New York and where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine which was manufactured by Honda , a division of which is , Acura .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois . He represented Vermont as the Secretary of the State and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
Akeem Dent was born on the 27th September 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia and now plays with the Houston Texans club .
Andra is a solo singer and reality TV judge born in Romania in 1986 whose musical genre is rhythm and blues .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force .
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who became active in 2000 . R and B originated from the Blues and years later helped give rise to Disco .
Italians are the people who live in Italy .
Related means of transportation are the Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS , the latter is succeeded by the , Aston Martin Vantage .
Airey Neave , who served in World War II had a career between 30 June 1953 and 30 March 1979 .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , whose leader is Narendra Modi .
Eric Flint , who was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
Aaron Turner , who sings for a living , played with the band Twilight which plays black metal . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
The Philippine dish of Binignit contains banana as an ingredient .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and it has 5000 members .
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton Greeville , Ellington , Clayton Winnebago County Wisconsin in the United States .
Neptun Werft is located in Germany and built the A - Rosa Luna .
Agra airport has the ICAO location identifier VIAG and is in Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal . Aaron Turner , a Black metal musician , plays the electric guitar and is associated with the group Greymachine .
Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio ( abbreviated to A . S . Livorno Calcio ) has 19238 members It ' s ground is located in Livorno and they played season 2014 - 2015 in Serie B .
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece and ground is in Athens .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 .
Binignit is a dessert .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain , and has an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester .
Alaa Abdul Zahra belongs to Shabab Al - Ordon Club ( in the Jordan Permier League ) and plays for , Al Khor located , Al Kharaitiyat SC ( managed by Amar Osim ) .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo .
Ataturk monument , which was designed by Pietro Canonica is located in Izmur , Turkey where it ' s inauguration took place on 27 July 1932 . The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
Richard J . Berry , is the leader , of Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , which is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque . Albuquerque is in the United States , where English is the language spoken .
110 Lydia has a temperature of 168 kelvins .
Binignit and sandesh are both dessert .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethopia , where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader .
Beef kwat teow is popular in Indonesia and is founded in Halimah Yacob led , Singapore .
Al Anderson , whose genre is rock music , plays with the band NRBQ . Rock music originated from country music , where the Banjo is closely associated and bhangra music is a musical fusion of rock .
Agnes Ward White , born in Marietta , Georgia and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , was the wife of Albert B . White . Albert B . White , born in Cleveland , was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson .
Airey Neave , who was born in Knightsbridge , London , fought in the Battle of France . His career lasted only five years beginning March 4th , 1974 and ending on the 30th of the same month in 1979 .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States , which is run by the Cleveland City Council .
Batagor is a hot dish served in Indonesia .
Allen Forrest is a Hip hop singer . Hip hop gives itself as the origin of drum and bass while its origins are in Funk and disco .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Denmark , has an academic staff of 737 and was established in 1928 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in theKingdom of Sarawak , lives in Kuching where he is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the record label Stanyan Records and performs Jazz music , a derivative of which , is Funk .
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico .
A Wizard of Mars , authored by Diane Duane has a OCLC number of 318875313 and a ISBN number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania , and has also managed AC Chievo Verona .
Aleksandr Chumakov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team and played for FC Torpedo Moscow .
Binignit is an ingredient found in taro and originates from the Philippines .
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Ethiopia is led by Hailemariam Desalegn and is the location of the Addis Ababa City Hall in Addis Ababa .
A - Rosa was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock , Germany , where the leader is Norbert Lammert and the people are called Germans .
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is tenanted by Marriott International is located .
M . Gaffey discovered 107 Camilla , which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and Guadalajara . It ' s ingredients include granola , chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , shredded coconut and raisins .
UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport and ASB is the IATA identifier .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 . It has an orbital period of 69862200 and a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 .
Jack Kirby and Stan Lee , created the comic character Balder .
Staten Island , new York , is the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain , who died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
The Polish Academy of Sciences is headquartered in Warsaw .
108 St . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australia . It has 50 floors , and it cost 120m Australian dollars to build .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia in the United States . English is the official language of the United States and African Americans are an ethnic group of the country .
King County is the location of Auburn , Washington , United States . The capital of the United States is Washington DC and the largest city of Washington state is Seattle .
Akeem Ayeers , who previously and currently plays for Los Angeles Rams , was number 39 in the draft pick .
Politician Daniel Martínez , is the leader of Montevideo , where Alfredo Zitarrosa died . Montevideo is in Uruguay , where the currency is the Uruguayan peso . The leader of the country is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and where the Germans of Romania is one of the ethnic groups .
Rock singer Al Anderson , of NRBQ , is a former member of The Wildweeds . Rock has its origins in Blues while influencing the fusion style of Bhangra .
Angola is located in Steuben County , Indiana in the United States . The country uses the English language and includes the ethnic group known as African Americans .
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is Trance , started his career in 2009 . he is associated with both Armin van Buuren and musician , Jwaydan Moyine .
The Aston Martin V8 , assembled at Newport Pagnell , has a 5 . 3 liter engine and is relative to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region , is the location of Aarhus airport in Denmark where the language spoken is Danish .
The absolute magnitude of 101 Helena is 8 . 33 .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton Texas and has a reference number of 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Ahmet Ertegun is a rhythm and blues musician originally from Washington DC , United States . In the United States , African Americans are an ethnic group and disco was derived from rhythm and blues .
The Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The country ' s leaders include Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi and the currency is the rupee .
Aaron Turner is closely associated with the genre sludge metal .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 .
Ann Arbor is in Michigan ( United States ) , where the state ' s largest city is Detroit .
Massimo Drago is connected to Delfino Pescara 1936 and manages A . C . Cesena .
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat . Gujarat ' s leader is the Legislative Assembly .
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and also Vfl Wolfsburg , the latter of which is managed by Dieter Hecking .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region , Java ; one of its ingredients is fried chicken . The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java .
Bandeja paisa includes hogao as an ingredient and is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region .
Alex Day plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and his music genre is Synthpop . Mr . Day knows Charlie McDonnell , musician .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and has an ISSN number of 0567 - 7920 and an LCCN number of 60040714 .
Helmut Jahn was the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which is owned by Redefine Properties Limited and completed in 1983 with 20 floors .
NRBQ rock musician Al Anderson was with The Wildweeds . Bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The author of Aenir is Garth Nix and is available in print .
Verona , Italy is home to A . C . Chievo Verona who play in Serie A . Juventus FC have previously been champions of Serie A .
The French language is spoken in France .
France , led by Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande , is the location of Barny cakes .
Barrow AFC are previous champions of the National League North .
Aleksandr Chumakov ' s birth place is Moscow and he died in Moscow , in Russia . The leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin .
Ayam penyet made in Java has fried chicken as the main ingredient .
Eric Flint , who wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was born in Burbank California . The book was preceded by Grantville Gazette II and the DeMarce short stores in the Grantville Gazettes .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion , the leader of the United States is Barack Obama and African Americans are one the the ethnic groups in the United States .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemunde . It weighs 1850 tonnes , measues 125 . 8 meters lng and is powered by MTU Friedrichshafen made engines . It has a top seed of 24 . 0 .
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana ( United States ) , the state where Anderson is located . This city , is led by the U . S . Democratic party , which is chaired by Debbie Wasserman Schultz .
A Long Long Way , available in hardcover , has 292 pages in it and the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Americans live in the United States where English is the spoken language and the Native Americans are an ethnic group . The country is the location of Angola , Pleasant Township , part of Steuben County in Indiana .
Alexandria , in Indiana , has a total area of 6 , 81 square kilometres and is 265m above sea level . The population density of Alexandria is 755 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometer ) and the area code is 765 .
Alpharetta , Fulton County is part of Georgia ( capital : Atlanta ) , located within the United States . The U . S . is home to Native Americans .
Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago , US . In this city we can find 300 North LaSalle .
The periapsis of 1001 Gaussia , which has the epoch date of 27 June 2015 is 419113394 . 55312 kms and the orbital period is 5 . 75 days .
Baked Alaska comes from France , a country where Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders . It also comes from the region of New York where Arabic is one of the languages spoken .
A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 staff members . Switzerland is led by Johann Schneider Ammann , the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA . The airport runway is named 08 / 26 and is 3992 . 88 in length .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is attached to the club CD Aguila and plays for the El Salvador national football team . He is in the FC Dallas Club and is manager of AD Isidro Metapan .
Albert B White had a career from 4 March 1901 to 4 March 1905 and was succeeded by William M O Dawson . He was a member of the Republican Party of the United States and was the husband of Agnes Ward White .
There are a total of 12 floors in 250 Delaware Avenue .
The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . It is located in the city of Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality of Meride .
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 .
John van den Brom plays for the Netherlands football team and RSC Anderlecht , and manages AZ Alkmaar .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is December 31st , 2006 . It has an orbital period of 183309000 , its periapsis is 445895000000 and the apoapsis is 520906000 kilometres .
The celestial body known as ( 15788 ) 1993 SB , discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons , has a periapsis of 3997100000000 , an epoch date of March 6th 2006 , an apoapsis of 7715100000 km , and an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which star ' s Scott Adsit . The creator of this character is American national , Duncan Rouleau .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , USA . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County , both in Pennsylvania . To the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County , Maryland .
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen and was founded in Washington , D . C .
Aarhus , Denmark is served by Aarhus airport operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S which is 25 metres above sea level . The runway name is 10L / 28R and has a length of 2702 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States where the people are called Texans .
Discovered by Sergey Belyavsky , 1001 Gaussia ' s epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 . With an orbital period of 5 . 75 days , 1001 Gaussia , has a periapsis of , 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
Buzz Aldrin retired on 1971 - 07 - 01 .
John Geering created the fictional comic superhero of Bananaman which starred Jill Shilling . It was first aired by the BBC on 3 October 1983 .
Dick Dillin is the creator of Aurakles .
410777 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an epoch date of June 27th , 2015 . Its mass is 8 . 3 kilograms , it has an orbital period of 39 , 447 , 000 kilometres and an apoapsis of 259 , 776 , 702 . 47055 kilometres .
Alaa Abdul Zahra played for the club Tractor Sazi F . C . and now plays for the Al Kharaitiyat SC which is in the Qatar Stars League and whose home ground is Al Khor . Amar Osim manages Al Kharaitiyat SC .
A . F . C . is a member of the National League North .
Based in Livorno , Italy , A . S . Livorno Calcio has 19238 members .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Greene , Maine .
Aenir is an Australian novel and was followed by Above the Veil which was written in English .
Rock musician Anders Osborne is signed with Rabadash Records and Chicago ' s ' Alligator Records ' .
Abilene , Texas has a water area of 14 . 2 square kilometres .
Elliot See , a test pilot , has died in St Louis . He was born in Dallas , Texas , USA .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , in the south region of Brazil . It is operated by Infraero and serves Curitiba in the State of Paraná .
Al - Wakrah Sport Club is in the Qatar Stars League .
The Secret Scripture , published by Faber and Faber is the follow up book to the Irish novel A Long Long Way .
Al Anderson , a singer for the band NRBQ , performs rock music . The Blues is a stylistic origin of rock music and partly coming form rock music is Bhangra , part of the fusion genre .
The creator of Bolf ( comics character ) is Gary Cohn .
Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce from Lazio containing Olive oil .
United States has its capital at Washington D . C and the national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner . It is home to Americans , African Americans and the ALV X - 1 .
Albennie Jones was born 1914 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was published in English in the United States where the capital is Washington DC . The English language is spoken in Great Britain .
Albany , Oregon is located within the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , it is a dessert same as sandesh .
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax ( abbreviated to AFC Ajax ) has 53502 members and played in season 2014 .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company who were founded in Schenectady , New York .
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent which is followed by A Glastonbury Romance .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , with 600 students , is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . Mario Botta is the Dean of the Accademia . Johann Schneider Ammann is the Swiss leader .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and now resides in Sarawak . His party is known as the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region .
Washington D . C . is the capital city of the United States .
Beef kway teow , containing sesame oil , is a dish in Indonesia .
A . S Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who is in the A . S . Roma club and also plays for the Italian national football team .
The ALV X - 1 hails from the US , where white Americans are an ethnic group .
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer , who played for the Netherlands national football team .
St . Louis is part of the Kingdom of France .
Rock and roll musician Ahmet Ertegun was previously non - performing .
AFC Ajax , full name , " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax " has 53502 members .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey . The capital of Turkey is Ankara , and the Ataruk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey .
Andrews County Airport , Texas , serves Andrews in Texas and is located 973 metres above sea level . The runway name is 2 / 20 and has a length of 8 . 0 .
Sweet potatoes are a main ingredient of binignit and taro is also an ingredient .
A . C . Lumezzane play in Italy ( inhabited by Italians ) where the Italian language is spoken and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , with Franklin County to its west and Cumberland County to its north .
The 1955 Dodge and the Plymouth Plaza and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transport in that they are all cars . Plymouth are the manufacturers of the Plymouth Plaza .
B . Zellner discovered 107 Camilla , which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . This asteroid ' s periapsis is , 479343000 . 0 kilometres and its apoapsis is , 560937000 . 0 km .
Montevideo is the birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa who died in Uruguay whose leader is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez .
Spanish is the language spoken in Austin , Texas ( in which the Andrews County Airport is located ) .
Antonis Samaras , in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister , was himself Prime Minister when Adonis Georgiadis was in office . Makis Voridis succeeded Adonis Georgiadis .
A Wizard of Mars was published in hardback .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States , where Washington D . C . is the capital city . It is also where White Americans are an ethnic group .
The building of Adare Manor , started in 1700 and completed in 1862 , was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in battles in the American Civil War .
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from .
1089 Tama ( previously A919 HA ; 1927 WB ) has ; an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days , a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 , and the epoch date 2005 - 11 - 26 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland .
Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is operated by Infraero .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia . One of the ingredients is lemon , which belongs to the rutaceae family .
Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal - the dish is found nationwide in Java and also Malaysia and Singapore .
Andra began her career as a solo singer .
Folk music is the genre of Alex Day .
Test Pilot Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 mission under commander David Scott .
Alan Shepard spent 130017 minutes in space .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in the 2014 - 15 season . Their full name is Alkmaar Zaanstreek .
AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season .
Wichita Thunder player , Aaron Boogaard , was born in Regina , Saskatchewan , in 1986 .
English national N . R . Pogson , who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai , discovered 107 Camilla .
Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on the 20th of January , 1930 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He is now retired .
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in Sweden .
Born on May 30th 1996 , footballer , Abner , played for the Brazil national under - 17 football team and plays for the Coritiba Football club .
Solo singer , Allen Forrest , was born in Dothan , Alabama . A music genre for Allen Forrest is acoustic .
St Louis is part of Greater St Louis .
The Akita Prefecture is part of the country of Japan .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Dale , Wisconsin , United States .
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
There are 560 pages in " A Wizard of Mars " .
Aaron Deer is an American from Indiana . He is a solo singer , who performs indie rock .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . It was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
A . C . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi and they play in Serie B .
Alfred Moore Scales was an american who fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg in the American Civil War , a war in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
Seattle is the largest city in Washington State .
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where you will find the state of Texas and one of its cities is Amarillo in Potter County .
Anders Osborne ' s genre is rock music .
The architect of 3Arena , in North Wall Dublin and completed in December 2008 , is Populous .
The 1st runway length in feet of Angola International Airport is 13123 .
In the Philippines , where batchoy is eaten , they speak Philippine Spanish and Arabic . Ethnic groups include the Ilocano people and the Igorot people .
First voyage of the AIDAstella was on March 17 , 2013 and it was christened the day before . It has a beam of 32 . 2 m and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
The architectural style of the Alan B . Miller Hall is Georgian .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis .
Two leaders of Italy , where Amatriciana sauce is found , are Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella . Its capital is Rome .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce in Italy ( the capital of which is Rome ) , where two of the country ' s leaders are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style and the straight four engine . Its wheelbase is 2160 millimetres . The last Abarth 1000 GT Coupé rolled off the production line in 1958 .
The floor area of 300 North LaSalle is 120770 . 0 square metres .
The Bodley Head was founded by Charles Elkin Mathews .
Albany is a city in Oregon ( capital Salem ) , in the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Amdavad , completed in 1995 , is located in Ahmedabad , Gujaret , India , at Lalbhai Dalpatbhal Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Row .
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in Haarlemmermeer is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , where Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant .
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans but his former team is the Los Angeles Rams .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
300 North LaSalle , with 60 floors , is located in Chicago , Illinois , U . S . . Chicago ' s leader is called Rahm Emanuel .
Aleksandre Guruli , who plays for FC Samtredia , formerly played for Olympique Lyonnais who have their home ground at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Born in Câmpia Turzii , Andra began her career as a solo singer . A performer of rhythm and blues music , she is a singer and reality tv judge .
The comic character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn and was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg .
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and an average speed of 17 . 73 kilometres per second .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español that is in the Uruguayan Segunda División league . He now plays for Hull City AFC which is managed by Steve Bruce .
Scot Gemmill is the coach of the Scottish national under 19 football team .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US , where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans . The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C and The Star Spangled Banner is the anthem .
The epoch of 1089 Tama ( formerly known as 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4s ) is 2005 - 11 - 26 . It has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
Abilene Regional Airport is 546 m . above sea level , a runway length of 1121 . 0 ( 17L / 35R ) and serves Abilene , Texas .
Californian born Julia Morgan designed the significant buildings of Asilomar State Beach , Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown in San Francisco .
Auburn is part of Washington state , located in the United States .
Ayam Penyet derives from the country of Malaysia which has an ethnic group of Malaysian Chinese people .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by Montreal Locomotive Works , was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 , has a 4 - stroke engine .
Al Khor is the home ground of Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by , Amar Osim . It is also the club of Alaa Abdul - Zahra , who also plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club .
The periapsis of 1000 Piazzia is 352497000000 . 0 .
Al Anderson is a singer , who performs rock music ( Bhangra is fusion genre ) with NRBQ . The blues is a stylistic origin of rock music .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , N . J . in the United States and is 23 metres above sea level .
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin Texas , where he was Lieutenant Governor .
Airey Neave participated in World War II and his career lasted from 30 June 1953 to 30 March 1979 .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois in the United States , where English is the official language . Susana Mendoza is a leader in Chicago .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 .
The ARA Veinticinco De mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from Argentina and it ' s ship beam measures 2 . 4 .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the American Civil War in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
The Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry .
A . C . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy , which has Rome as its capital . The language spoken by the Italians is Italian .
Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan .
The comic book character Blockbuster , also known as Mark Desmond , was created by Roger Stern and Carmine Infantino .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens F . C . whose manager is Gus Poyet . His club is Real Zaragoza .
Atlantic City International Airport is 23 metres above sea level and is run by The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . The runway is 3048 long and is called 13 / 31 / .
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) derives from Argentina .
Alan Bean served as a crew member of Apollo 12 .
People who live in the USA are called Americans and these include the ethnic group of Asian Americans . The US is where you will find Angola , a city in Indiana .
A T Charlie Johnson is a United States national whose alma mater was Stanford University . He is the editor of AIP Advances .
The Aarhus is the airport of Aarhus , Denmark .
107 Camilla was discovered by the British N . R . Pogson who later died in Chennai .
Bionicoa is a food from Mexico where the people are known as Mexicans and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda and is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where the former leader was President Barack Obama , and whose capital is Washington , D . C . Among its ethnic groups are Native Americans .
Alvah Sabin , originally from Vermont , was the representative of the 3rd Congressional District in that state .
Argentina is led by Mauricio Macri and is where the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V - 2 comes from .
Peter Stöger is at the FK Austria Wien club and manages 1 FC Koln .
comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , along with Gene Colan , created Ben Urich .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U . S . Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988 - 11 - 22 .
Born in Greene , Maine , Aaron S Daggett fought in battles during the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Alison O ' Donnell plays Folk Music of Ireland and is signed with Deram Records which is in London . Another label she records with is Fruits de Mer Records .
Karnataka has to its northeast Telangana .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the Queen . Variations on the sandwich are the BLT and the club sandwich .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States , and resides in the capital city of Washington D . C . Ohio is one of the states , and within Ohio in Summit County is Akron . Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The AMC Matador model was manufactured during 1971 and was assembled in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
The Apollo 11 program was organized by NASA .
The leader of Albuquerque in New Mexico is Richard J Berry .
107 Camilla , has the epoch 31 December 2006 and was discovered by Nottingham born N R Pogson , who died in Chennai .
Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level . It is located 911 metres above sea level , has a runaway 1800 metres long and a runway with the name , 15 / 33 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren and pop music singer , Christian Burns .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , born in the Niger State , attended The Technical Institute of Kaduna .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ( Also known as the 168 ) has a straight - four engine , is a 5 speed manual and is considered mid - sized luxury executive car .
Aaron Turner performs doom metal music and played with the band Twilight .
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 .
The United States Air Force ( USAF ) was involved in The Korean War and Invasion of Panama . The USAF operates Al Asad Airbase , where The Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft is situated .
The leader of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands is called Emile Roemer .
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and can be abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . It has an ISSN number of 1732 - 2421 , a LCCN number of 60040714 and the CODEN code is APGPAC .
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 . It has the abbreviation of " Addiction " and the LCCN number 93645978 .
Alan Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 , was born in New Hampshire and retired 1st of August 1974 .
Singer , Aaron Deer , is a performer of the music genre Indie rock which has its origins in New wave music .
Aaron Turner played for Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters band . Mr . Turner plays Black Metal music .
The nationality of Alan Shepard is United States .
The 1634 The Bavarian Crisis was put in print and has the ISBN number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " . It was written by Eric Flint and has 448 pages .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . However is originates from the United States which is led by Barack Obama . That country is also home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans .
Ab Klink waas born in the Netherlands and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County situated in the U . S . One ethnic group in the U . S . is known as African Americans .
William Anders served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 .
The Bella Sky hotel in Copenhagen has 23 floors .
Aaron Deer is from the United States .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) and they compete in the Superleague Greece . Previous champions of the superleague are Olympiacos FC .
Al Asad Airbase has the runway name 09R / 27L .
Airey Neave , whose military rank is Lieutenant Colonel , ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
Disco is derived from rhythm and blues which itself originated from the blues music . Albennie Jones , who was born in the USA performs in the rhythm and blues genre .
Born in 1914 , in Errata Mississippi , Albennie Jones is a solo singer who plays rhythm and blues .
The United States , led by the President of the United States , is the origin of the ALV X - 1 . The United States capitol is Washington , D . C . , and the national anthem is the Star Spangled Banner .
Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce , which comes from the Lazio region of Italy .
HIV is part of the Orthoretrovirinae family .
Appleton , Wisconsin is a city served by Appleton International airport in Greenville . Greenville is part of Menasha ( town ) and Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC and also for Accrington Stanley FC .
Ankara is the capital of Turkey where the official title of the leader is the President of Turkey who is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) was inaugurated in the country on 27 July 1932 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport , at 610 metres above sea level , is located in Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain .
Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Athens , Greece , worked as the Deputy Minister for Development , Competitiveness and Shipping .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C . and The largest city is New York City .
Operated by the United States Air Force , Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq . Its runway name is 09L / 27R and its runway length is 3990 . 0 .
The area of water in Alpharetta , Georgia , is 1 . 0 ( square kilometres ) .
Anaheim is governed by the California State Assembly , which is located in the California State Capitol . Chinese is one of the languages used in California , which is where the Tom Tait led city of Anaheim is situated .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born 1989 - 02 - 24 and plays for the Kuban Krasnodar club and the Tom Tomsk FC .
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara , Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto . Another dessert is a cake .
Arros begre originates from the Catalonia region of Spain . Spain uses the Euro and is led by Felipe VI . The Parliament of Catalonia is Catalonia ' s governing body .
San Sebastian de los Reyes , part of the Madrid Community , Spain is host to the Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport .
The Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated " Admin . Sci . Q , " comes under the academic discipline of Management .
Akron Summit Assault , with 3000 members managed by Denzil Antonio , play in the 2011 PDL season .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s current club is A . C . Milan .
AS Livorno Calcio played season 2014 - 15 in Serie B .
108 St . Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia has 50 floors .
VfL Wolfsburg club is associated with Aaron Hunt and is managed by Dieter Hecking . Mr . Hunt plays for the Hamburger SV club also and they compete in Bundesliga .
beef is an ingredient in batchoy .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City , U . S . A . on Staten Island . He died in the New Mexico Territory of of United States .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , English is the language of the United States and Joe Biden is the leader of the United States .
The designers of the Red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
Alan Shepard died in California on 1998 - 07 - 21 .
Akron is located in Summit County , Ohio , U . S . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
The OCLC number for A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317 . It has 1174 pages and is in print .
Aaron Boogaard was born in August 11th 1986 .
Bakewell pudding ( variant of the tart ) includes shortcrust pastry and is from Derbyshire Dales of the County of Derbyshire . It hails leader Patrick McLoughlin .
You can use peanut sauce as an ingredient of Batagor and Shumai is a variation of the same dish .
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and its runway is 600 long .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was made on July 11 , 1907 and is located in the U . S .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 mms in length and was built by the American Locomotive Company .
Amarillo is the county seat of Potter County which is in Texas .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar is director of the Institute .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders . In the country there is an ethnic group of Asian South Africans .
Ahmet Ertegun ' s genre is rhythm and blues , which originated from the blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
With an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , in Spain .
With a christening date of 2009 - 04 - 04 , the AIDAluna , had its maiden voyage on the 22nd of March , 2009 . The length of the AIDAluna is 252000 . 0 millimetres and its power type is the Caterpillar Inc . engine .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to the RCA Records label , the distribution company of which , is Sony Music Entertainment .
The full name of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl .
Amarillo is in Potter County , Texas , in the United States .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow and his club is called Sparta Prague .
The Atlas II is 3 . 04 m in diameter and had its final flight on 16 March 1998 . It was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Ahmet Ertegun originated from Washington DC and later died in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba on May 9 , 1989 . He played for Anyang Halla .
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority which is headed by Stephen Dilts .
Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in , German speaking Belgium .
The Atlas II is from the United States , where the capital is Washington D . C . and the language English . The leader of the United States is the President of the United States and one of its ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
The Aston Martin V8 , succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , was made by Aston Martin . Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport .
Andra ( singer ) is associated with Marius Moga .
The fullname of A . C . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . and their home ground is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi . The club has 39371 members and competed in the 2014 season .
Alexandria , Indiana has a population density of 755 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , has a Caterpillar Inc . engine . Caterpillar Inc . , founded in the United States , includes key figure , Douglas R Oberhelman .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is FC Dila Gori .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , located in Texas , United States .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover . The OCLC number is 57392246 and the ISBN number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Appleton International Airport is at an elevation of 280 metres above sea level and can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin .
Aleksandra Kovač started out in music in 1990 as a solo singer of rhythm and blues music . Bebi Dol and Kristina Kovač are his musical associates .
Spanish is a language spoken in Michigan .
AEK Athens ' s ground is in Greece and they compete in the Superleague Greece .
Ampara Hospital , with a count of 473 beds , is in Sri Lanka .
Allen Forrest was originally a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues which derives from disco music .
Alessio Romagnoli belongs to A . C . Milan , which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and includes chairman Silvio Berlusconi . Romagnoli played for Italy ' s national under - 19 football team and has connections to UC Sampdoria .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of Indonesia and is made in Singapore and Indonesia .
Agra Airport , operated by Airports Authority of India , is located in Uttar Pradesh , which includes Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Rhythm and blues artist Anders Osbornes is associated with artists Tab Benoit , Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . T S Thakur is a leader of India .
Amarillo , Potter County is in Texas , United States . Austin is the capital of Texas .
Afrobeat is a fusion of the funk music genre which Aleksandra Kovac performs .
Bionico , an ice cream dessert , is a food found in Mexico whose leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia but lives in Sarawak . He was part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Alex Plante has played for the club Anyang Halla .
Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome in Italy . Oregano can be added to Arrabbiata sauce as well as chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and condiments are used to prepare it . BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich .
Albert B . White , a member of the Republican Party in the U . S . , was born in Cleveland . He was married to Agnes Ward White . His career was finished on March 4 , 1905 .
Angola International airport serves the city of Luanda and is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and began his career in 2009 . Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen was 3XN .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It is affiliated to the European University Association , whose headquarters is in Brussels .
PeterStöger plays for SK Rapid Wien club .
Anderson , is part of Anderson Township , which is in Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
The Antares rocket was first launched on Jan 9 , 2014 from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It was made by Orbital ATK and had its last trip on Oct . 28 , 2014 .
Canada , where one of the languages spoken is French , was the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is of the order Commelinids , a division of flowering plants .
The Alderney Airport serves the island of Alderney and its 1st runway is surfaced with poaceae and has a 497 meters long runway .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the people are known as Italians and the capital city is Rome .
The leaders of Iraq are Halder al - Abadi and Fuad Masum , who speak Arabic . In the city of Fallujah , Iraq , there is the Al - Taqaddum Air Base .
Ab Klink , who was boen in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and is member of the Senate .
Abilene , Texas is in the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the country is led by Enrique Pena Nieto and Mexican Spanish is spoken .
11264 Claudiomaccone , discovered by Nikolai Chernykh , has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . Its periapsis is 296521000 . 0 km and its apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 km .
" The Secret Scripture " followed the book " A Long Long Way , " which was preceded by " Annie Dunne . " .
With a background in non performing personnel , Ahmet Ertegun uses the genre , rhythm and blues . This style of music , of which disoc is a derivative , originated from blues music .
A911 MD is the former name of 1001 Gaussia which has an epoch date of 31 July 2016 .
Arròs negre is from Spain ( Felipe VI is the leader ) , from the region of the Valencian Community , the leader of which is Ximo Puig .
Alexandria is located in Indiana ( United States ) , the capital of that state is Indianapolis .
Andrew Rayel is associated with musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina .
Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q , was published by Cornell University and has the academic discipline of Management .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak on 1936 - 05 - 21 . Abdul Taib Mahmud ; lives in Kuching , represented Asajaya and is a member of the party , Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Construction of Adisham Hall began in 1927 .
Andersion is in Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana , US . Anderson has a total area od 107 . 43 sq km and a population density of 523 . 9 per sq km .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport whose runway name is 17L / 35R . The runway length of that airport is 2 , 195 and it is 546 meters above sea level .
Ace Wilder performs Hip Hop music , which originated from funk music and from which drum and bass is derived .
The ALV X - 1 originated from the U . S . , which is a country whose citizens are called Americans . Many ethnic groups exist , one being Asian Americans . The capitol city of the U . S . is Washington , D . C . , and the national anthem is called the Star Spangled Banner .
Former clubs of Aleksandr Prudnikov include FC Terek Grozny and FC Alania Vladikavkaz .
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 and was hired by NASA in 1959 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Dept of Commerce Gold Medal . Shepard died in California .
The Atatürk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 in Turkey , where the leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoglu .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III .
Alan Bean was in space 100305 minutes .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled in Arese , and the Fiat Croma , are similar modes of transportation .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland and the leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
1950 DA has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhals and is 911 metres above sea level . The runway is 1800 long and the airport is run by Infraero .
Aleksandre Guruli has played for FC Dinamo Batumi ( managed by Levan Khomeriki ) and is a member of Olympique Lyonnais . Olympique Lyonnais ' home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Aaron Boogaard played for the club Wichita Thunder .
The Delta II , made in the United States , similar to the Antares rocket , was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 .
Buzz Aldrin served as a crew member on the NASA organised Apollo 11 program , where William Anders was a backup pilot .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC and also Crewe Alexandra F . C .
Adam McQuaid plays for the Boston Bruins , however his draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets who are based in the city of Columbus , Ohio and managed by Jarmo Kekalainen .
Asam pedas is a Malaysian dish . The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah , and its capital is Putrajaya .
Created by Mondelez International ( founded in Chicago ) , Barny Cakes come from France where they speak French and the leader is Francois Hollande .
Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States . He was in born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architectural firm 3XN and has 814 rooms and 23 floors . the hotel is owned by Bella Center and the current tenants are Marriott International .
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a two door coupé with a straight - four engine . Its wheelbase is 2160 millimetres and its production started in the Year 1958 .
The River Ganges flows through India which is the location of the AWH Engineering College which has 250 academic staff and was established in 2001 in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala . which is led by Kochi .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York in the U . S . One ethnic group in that country are African Americans .
AIP Advances is abbreviated to AIP Adv .
Alderney Airport is located 88 metres above sea level and serves Alderney . It has a 1st runway made from poaceae which has a length of 497 . 0 and is named 03 / 21 .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan whose leader is Nawaz Sharif .
Alison O ' Donnell was once signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) located in Marousi .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Meyer Werft are located in Germany and built the AIDAstella operated by AIDA Cruises . Itis owned by Costa Crociere whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District region in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka , has 476 bed count and a website < http : / / www . ghampara . gov . lk / > .
The currency of Mexico is the peso .
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italian national under 16 football team which is coached by Daniele Zoratto .
Julia Morgan , architect of the Asilomar Conference grounds , designed the significant Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and The Riverside Art Museum .
Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Indian Wars .
Anders Osborne is signed to the record labels Alligator and Rabadash Records whose are associated with Blues .
The American submarine NR - 1 was launched on The 25th of January 1969 .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and previously played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio .
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial located in Azerbaijan , known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The designers of the Memorial are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
Michele Marcolini manages the A . C . Lumezzane but also plays for Torino F . C . and Vicenza Calcio .
James Craig Watson , originally from Canada , discovered 101 Helena before dying of peritonitis .
Ahmet Ertegun ' s background is non performing personnel and his musical genre is rhythm and blues . This genre originated from blues and is the origin of disco .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia . The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Alexandria , part of the Monroe Township , is in Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
The AIDAluna , with a beam of 32 . 2 and a length of 252 metres , has the christening date of 4th April 2004 and had her maiden voyage on March 22 2009 .
Attica is located in Fountain County , Indiana , United States . The County Seat of Fountain is Covington and the capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
Peter Stöger is manager of 1 . FC Köln and plays for LASK Linz .
110 Lydia travels at an average speed of 17 . 99 kmps and has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Lake Placid , is part of Essex County , New York and is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport .
An ingredient of beef kway teow , which originates from Singapore and Indonesia is palm sugar .
Alan Shepard graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where Ajax Youth Academy also play .
Costa Crociere of Italy is the owner of the AIDAstella , which is operated by AIDA Cruise Line .
Austin , Texas is located in the United States , a country that is led by the president . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
The AMC Matador , including the 191 model , is assembled in the USA .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is 1960 feet in length .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music , of which Funk is a derivative . The musical genre Afrobeat is a fusion genre and contains elements of other genres such as Jazz .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alpharetta is in the US state of Georgia ' s Fulton County where the largest city is Atlanta , Asian Americans are a US ehthnic group .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport and is 88 metres above sea level . It has a 1st runway with an asphalt surface which is 497 . 0 in length .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is a leader .
The comic character Bolt , was created by Paris Cullins from the United States and Dan Mishkin .
The capital of Italy is Rome . Two leaders in Italy are Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce there .
109 Felicitas , discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters , has a mass of 7 . 5 kgs , an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 , and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
The 1101 Clematis has an epoch date of 31st December 2006 , and has a mass of 5 . 7kgs . It has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 . It also has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
The celestial body known as 110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000 .
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen and now plays for Vfl Wolfsburg .
Alaa Abdul Zahra , born in Iraq , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC and the Iraq national under 23 football team .
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan .
Stuart Parker is a member of the Chesterfield F . C .
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir , Turkey , is made from Bronze . Designed by Pietro Canonica it was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 . Turkey ' s current leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
Native Americans are of of the ethnic groups in the U . S . , the country , where Alfred Moore Scales lived . Alfred Moore Scales was at the Siege of Petersburg , which occurred during the American Civil War . A commander in the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis .
The Antwerp International Airport , Antwerp is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 . 0 meteres above sea level .
Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon and is used as the surface of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , on March 15th 1932 . He was hired by NASA in 1963 and served on the NASA - operated Apollo 12 mission along with backup pilot Alfred Worden and commander David Scott .
From Washington D . C . , in the United States , Ahmet Ertegun , whose genre is Rock and Roll , started out as a non performing personnel .
The Dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus is Thomas Pallesen . The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . The latin name for the School is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " and there are 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 . It has an escape velocity of 0 and an orbital period of 16244700 .
Indonesian dish Beef Kway teow is made with sesame oil .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He had fought in the American Civil War , during which , Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia in the United States . The country ' s capital is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are an ethnic group there .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece , the country where there are leaders called Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis .
Isaac Rojas succeeded Alberto Teisaire , who was in office while Juan Perón was president . Juan Peron belongs to the Labour Party in Argentina .
Adam McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets team that are based in Columbus , Ohio and managed by Jarmo Kekalainen .
Asam pedas hails from Malay Peninsula .
Anders Osborne , a blues artist , is with Alligator Records which is based in Chicago . He was also signed to Shanachie Records .
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is Trance , is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine , who in turn , is associated with the musical artist John Digweed .
Born on March 13th 1947 in Windsor , Connecticut , and beginning his career in 1966 , Al Anderson ( of the band NRBQ ) once played with The Wildweeds .
Beef kway teow is served in the region of Indonesia and is also found in Singapore . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Siege of Petersburg , which occurred during the American Civil War . A commander in the American Civil War was Abraham Lincoln .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The capital of the country is Bucharest , it ' s Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis .
The Secret Scripture is preceded by A Long , Long Way .
AFC Blackpool is located in Blackpool where the leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ) . Stuart Parker , who has played at Drogheda FC and KV Mechelen , has been the manager of AFC Blackpool .
The creator of Blockbuster ( comics character ) is Carmine Infantino .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Akron , part of Summit County in Ohio , can be found .
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja Paisa which comes from the Antioquia District in Spain .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian , whose alma mater was the University of Michigan .
110 Lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms .
66063 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
Alberto Teisaire was a member of the Justicialist party and was in office when Juan Peron was president . Juan Peron was married to Eva Peron and the leader in Buenos Aires is Horatio Rodriguez Larreta .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , Madrid , Spain . Its is 610 meters above sea level .
Auburn is part of King County , Washington .
Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Airport Schuphol which is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level . It has a runway length of 2014 . 0 metres and it has the runway name , 04 / 22 Oostbaan .
The bed count of Ampara Hospital is 476 .
Barney cakes is created by Mondelez International , which was founded in Chicago . Barney cakes are now produced in France , a nation led by Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher .
Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument located in Izmir , Turkey . The official title of the Turkish leader is President of Turkey .
Akeem Ayers former team is the Los Angeles Rams .
Akeem Priestley ' s former clubs include Harbour View FC and Jackson Dolphins .
1101 Clematis , has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs , an orbital period of , 183309000 . 0 , and the epoch date of , 31 December 2006 .
With 10000 members , AD Isidro Metapán ' s grounds are located in Metapán , El Salvador .
Batagor is a variant of Shumai and Siomay , an Indonesian dish containing peanut sauce .
The Acura TLX , with a V6 engine , is made in Marysville , Ohio .
Agrremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ( abbr . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ) play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League which is based in Brazil .
The Atatürk Monument made of bronze is located in İzmir , Turkey , whose leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
The United States , which has the capital of Washington DC , uses the English language and includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups . The country is the location of the city of Albany , part of Benton County in Oregon .
The owner of Antwerp International Airport is the Flemish Region .
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney and its elevation is 88 meters above sea level . The Airport ' s runway is 497 . 0 metres long and the 1st one is asphalt surfaced .
Aaron Turner , a post - metal player , started performing in 1995 and he played for the Lotus Eaters band and Old Man Gloom .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , U . S . The U . S . capital is Washington , D . C .
AIP Advances publisher is American Institute of Physics .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 at the Guiana Space Centre , Kourou , French Guiana .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Juan Carlos I of Spain while Felipe Gonzalez , whos predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis , was Prime minister and he was born in Spain .
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ISSN number is 1558 - 2868 .
Asser Levy Public Baths are in Manhattern New York City , New York , United states . The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr .
The architects for Adare Manor completed in 1862 were James Pain and George Richard Pain . The Manor is owned by JP McManus .
The Aston Martin V8 , which has a 5 . 3 litre engine , and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport and the Aston Martin Vantage succeeded the Aston Martin DBS which is manufactured by Aston Martin .
Abner is a footballer for the Coritiba Football club .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the club AL Kharaitiyat SC and has represented the Iraq national Under 20 football team .
The Aston Martin DBS is manufactured by Aston Martin .
The leader of the Socialist Party of the Netherlands is called Emile Roemer and Agnes Kant is also a member .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is based in New York and is the operator of Atlantic City International airport , Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and operated by Infraero . Sao Jose dos Pinhais belongs to the South Region in Brasil and the airport serves the city of Curitiba , Parana state .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown in Essex County , New York .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , Cook County Illinois . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
The Abarth company was founded in Bologna and are the manufacturers of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé designed by Gruppo Bertone .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico that contains raisins .
Agnes Kant who worked as the Parliamentary group leader , was born in West Germany and graduated from the Radboud university Nijmegen .
Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce .
Written and English , A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , based in the US . Native Americans are the original ethnic group of said country .
Auburn is part of Pierce County which is found in the state of Washington . The largest city in this US state is Seattle but the country ' s capital is Washington DC .
English is spoken in Singapore .
The AIDAstella is a Sphinx - class cruise ship , is 253260 . 0 millimetres long and was christened on 16 March 2013 .
The Antares rocket , made at the Yuzhnoye Design Office , has a diameter of 3 . 9 meters . Launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , its initial flight was January 9 , 2014 and the final flight was July 13 , 2014 .
The English written book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written before the DeMarce Short stories in the Grantville Gazette . Then followed the book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis whose authors are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
The length of the first runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 6 , 573 feet .
Beef kway teow is a dish popular in Singapore and Indonesia . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan , is located in Metapán , El Salvado , has 10000 members , and full name is " Asociación Deportiva " .
The full name of AFC Ajax is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax " .
The successor of Allan Shivers was Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr .
Fruit preserves are an ingredient of Bakewell tart ( also called Bakewell pudding ) and is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area .
Solo singer Allen Forrest was born in Dothan , Alabama and plays Hip Hop music .
Elliot See was born in 1927 and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin who are competing in the Big 12 Conference .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The building is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture " .
New York is the base of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
Singe , r Al Anderson . plays with the band NRBQ . His genre is rock music which originated from blues music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
A . C . Cesena has 23900 members , and its ground is located in Italy .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español .
The ship AIDAstella ( 253260 millimeters long ) is operated by AIDA Cruises out of Germany . Costa Crociere owns it and it was built by Meyer Werft .
Albany is located in Dougherty County , Georgia , U . S . Americans live in the U . S . with African Americans and English is spoken .
Alan Bean was an American astronaut selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member for the Apollo 12 mission . Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott , and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot .
Monroe Township is in Madison County which is a part of Indiana .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , and is in English , also spoken in Great Britain . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . S .
Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader .
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 10000 undergraduate students .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Press . The national language of the U . S . is English .
Bill Oddie , who stars in Bananaman , was born in Lancashire and has a child called Kate Hardie .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , built by Finland , has a ship beam of 21 . 2m , and the builder is in Helsinki .
Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level and operated by Infraero located in Brasilia .
Aaron Deer ' s genre is Psychedelia and he plays the bass guitar .
Ernie Colon , one of the creators of the character Bolt is a Puerto Rican national .
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 2014 . 0 meters .
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and owned by P & O . It is powered by the Deptford located firm of Humphrys Tennant and Dykes .
Albany , Oregon is located in the U . S . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S and Native Americans are an ethnic group there .
In 1937 production began of the Alvis Speed 25 which is a full size class car with a straight - six engine . It has a wheelbase of 127 inches and an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
Soho Press in the United States published the book A Loyal Character Dancer . The book is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . The United States is home to the ethnic group of Native Americans .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Rubin Kazan .
The book " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians " is printed with 320 pages and has an ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County , Texas .
The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle , which followed Above the Veil .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White . He finished his career on March 4th 1905 and was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , ISSN number is " 0567 - 7920 " , LCCN number of 60040714 , was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and is known as Acta Palaeontol . Pol .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina and his successor was Isaac Rojas .
Discovered by C . Woods , 107 Camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres , and an epoch date of December 31st , 2006 .
Located in Alcobendas is Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport . This airport has a runway length of 3500 metres and a runway name 14L / 32R .
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge , London . His career began on 30th June 1953 and ended on 30th March 1979 . He was involved in World War II .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain .
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italian national under 16 football team and had represented the club U . C . Sampdoria . He currently plays with A . C Milan who is managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic and whose chairman is Silvio Berlusconi .
Ajoblanco , containing the ingredient garlic , is from Spain .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 , and is located in Asherton , Texas .
An American National , Abraham A Ribicoff , was born in the United States . A braham A . Ribicoff was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and worked as Governor of Connecticut .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and launched at ELA - 3 . Its maiden flight was on the 4th of June , 1996 and its final flight on the 18th of December 2009 .
NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew included Frank Borman and William Anders .
Attica , Indiana is part of the United States of America which has Washington D . C . as the capital .
Born in Mendoza , Argentina , Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President . His party was the Justicialist Party amd he worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Vegetables are used in Batchoy which is from the country of the Phillippines .
Airey Neave began his service in 1935 and his career ended on 30 March 1979 .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and in 1959 selected by NASA , died in California .
Arlington can be found in Texas , USA . Spanish is a language spoken in Texas and Houston is its largest city .
Auburn , Lee County , Alabama is part of the United States . The U . S . is home to African Americans and has its capital as Washington , DC .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , its runway length is 1 , 873 .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain whose predecessor was Francisco Franco .
Alex Day performs Synthpop music , a form of House music , which has its stylistic origins in pop music .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow .
Folk musician Alex Day is a member of Chameleon Circuit and associated with musician Charlie McDonnell .
The orbital period for 1099 Figneria , is 179942000 . 0 .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , in Indonesia .
Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is operated by Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works .
The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on January 9th 2014 and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 . It is manufactured by Orbital ATK and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico , in the United States .
Alan Frew performs rock music , a style that originated from blues and country .
The Polish - Soviet War was part of the Russian Civil War military conflict .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument by the National Park Service , located in the Monocacy National Battlefield was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 . The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County , Maryland and the nearest city to it is Frederick , Maryland .
Built by the Samuda Brothers , the Alhambra has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type . Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes is located in London .
Alan Shepherd , who was born in New Hampshire , retired on 1 August 1974 , having graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Zestafoni and his club is Olympique Lyonnais , the home ground of which , is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Aleksander Barkov , Jr . was born in 1995 , in Tampere , Finland . His ice hockey position is center , and his club is the Florida Panthers .
Synthpop is a derivative of disco music .
31 December 2006 is the epoch of 110 Lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms , and an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
Sycamore is in DeKalb County , Illinois .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A ( abbreviated to A . S . Roma ) have 70634 members and there ground is Stadio Olimpico . They played in the Serie A league in 2014 - 2015 .
The largest city in Ireland is Dublin where white people are an ethnic group and A Long Long Way was written . It was published by Viking press and followed by The Secret Scripture .
Alan Frew is a solo singer born in Scotland .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in the Catalonian dish of Arros negre .
Akron is located in Summit County , Ohio in the U . S . Americans live in the U . S . and Native Americans are one ethnic group there .
Weymouth Sands was written by John Cowper Powys .
Atlanta covers an area of 344 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
Akeem Priestley plays for the Jamaica national football team .
The currency of the United Kingdom is the Pound sterling .
Albany is in Oregon is in the U . S . A . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . A and African Americans and Americans both live there .
Aaron Deer plays the piano .
The character Ben Urich ( Benjamin Urich ) was created by Gene Colan .
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana , and sweet potato , that is of the order Solanales .
Bhajji includes the ingredient vegetables .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , plays for Alianza F . C . and has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán .
Salem is the capital of the state of Oregon ( United States ) , where Albany is also located .
Ajoblanco is from Spain and Andalusia . It contains olive oil and another name for it is Ajo blanco .
The president is the leader of the United States . A country where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and where Albuquerque , New Mexico is found .
Andrew Frew was a solo singer who makes his living public speaking . Alan Frew was born in the UK but has Canadian origins coming from Newmarket , Ontario .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York , where one of the languages spoken is French , He fought in the American Civil War , a conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
American born Albennie Jones is a performer of jazz music .
Akeem Adams , who died in the Hungarian city of Budapest , played for Ferencvarosi TC and United Petrotrin FC , the latter of whose home ground is Palo Seco .
Alan Bean , a United States national , was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler Texas . He was a crew member on Apollo 12 .
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond , the character was created by Carmine Infantino and Tom Lyle .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore , Karnataka , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has B M Reddy as President . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium .
William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , was a fighter pilot .
The CODEN code for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg ( abbreviating to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) is AMHAAJ .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , in Denmark .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the country India . The institute has 700 postgraduate students and connections to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The motto of the institute is " Nurturing Excellence " and the exact location is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 .
Turkey , whose currency is the Turkish lira , is led by Ahmet Davutoğlu from the capital Ankara . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician signed to Rabadash Records .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns . Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and he began his musical career in 2009 .
Airey Neave was a Lieutenant Colonel and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
The California State Assembly is part of the California State Legislature .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , in the United States . The country , has the capital Washington D . C , and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Allen Forrest ' s genre of music is Rhythm and Blues a derivative of which , is Funk .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V - 2 originated from Argentina and the ship ' s beam measures 24 . 4 . It provided spare parts for the Nael Minas Geraisand but the remainder was scrapped in 2000 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway name of 14R / 32L with a length of 3500 .
Located in Illinois with a key person called Douglas R . Oberhelman is the Caterpillar Co . AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic ZF 4HP18Q transmission .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where English ( language of Great Britain ) is spoken . Barack Obama was the previous leader of the US and African Americans are an ethnic group there .
Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors which makes the AMC Matador .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region which is part of Derbyshire .
Antioch is part of California , where Vietnamese is one of the languages spoken .
AIDS journal has the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 and comes under the academic discipline HIV .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso .
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK , it is in Azerbaijan .
Julia Morgan was born in California . She designed significant buildings in Chinatown , San Fransisco ; the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum .
A Fortress of Grey Ice originates in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC . English is spoken both in the US and Great Britain .
Fort Worth , Tarrant County ( of which Arlington is part of ) , is the largest city in Texas .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County , Michigan in the U . S .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University takes 16000 students and is affiliated to the European University Association .
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is a member of the Lotus Eaters band and once played with Twilight . Turner , who is American , began performing in 1995 .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , a genre that originated from blues music . Funk and disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues .
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa , that comes from Antioquia Department , Colombia .
DeKalb County , Georgia is in the United States .
The 1955 Dodge has a wheelbase of 120 inches .
Born on 10th July , 1989 , linebacker , Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for Los Angeles Rams .
John Roberts is a leader in the United States .
Test pilot Alan Bean was born on March 15th , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas and graduated with a B . S . from the University of Texas in 1955 .
The area of Alpharetta , Georgia is 55 . 4 square kilometres .
The main language spoken on Alderney is English .
Bacon Explosion is a dish popular in the United States and the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
The Atlas II is from the United States , where the people are Americans and African Americans are among the ethnic groups . The leader of the United States is the President of the United States .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Akeem Priestley plays for Dayton Dutch Lions and Harbour View F . C .
The hatchback Audi A1 , assembled in Brussels , Belgium , has a 1 . 2 liter engine .
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan but she has two other important buildings on her resume : the Asilomar State Beach and the Riverside Art Musuem . , She was born in California and also worked on Hearst Castle .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia , and lives in Kuching . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain , where one can find Arros negre .
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst and has the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 .
Akron , Ohio is in the U . S . whose capital is Washington , D . C .
Ajoblanco originates from the Aldalusian region of Spain and contains bread among its ingredients . Ajo blanco is an alternative written name of the food .
A member of the band Twilight , Aaron Turner is also associated with the group Greymachine . His genre is post - metal and one of the instruments used in this music is the cello .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India is in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest . The school was established in 2001 and employs 250 people in its academic department .
The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann and the legislature is the Federal Assembly ( Switzerland ) . The national anthem is the Swiss Psalm and the country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio .
Aaro Boogaard was born in Canada , where Slavey is one of the languages spoken .
The Acura TLX has a V6 engine .
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 in Brithish Hong Kong . He graduated , with a M . S . , from AFIT in 1963 and was chosen by NASA in 1936 as a Fighter pilot . He retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
With a LCCN number of 90640840 , the AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline HIV and studiies HIV / AIDS .
Gadzhi Gadzhiyev is the manager of FC Amkar Perm .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , is made from red granite and white marble , and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Bakewell Pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms in Bakewell , which is in the Derbyshire Dales . Its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , and eggs , and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) , or cold .
The asteroid called ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres . It has an escape velocity of zero and the epoch date is 14 July 2004 .
Alison O ' Donnell , who is signed to the record label Kissing Spell Records , performs jazz music , a derivative of which is Funk .
The desert Bionico , can be varied using cottage cheese .
Acoustic music is the genre of Alex Day .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organization for Aarhus Airport , where the runway is named 10L / 28R , with a length of 2702 . 0 .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
The novel " Into Battle " , that was followed by The Violet Keystone , followed " Above the Veil " , that was preceded By Aenir , which was written by Australians and after Castle .
Located at 214 metres above sea level , Auburn , Alabama , has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre . Auburn , has a total area of 140 . 8 square kilometres and the area code , 334 .
Alpena County , Michigan is the owner of the Alpena County Regional Airport , which has an elevation above sea level of 210 metres .
Indonesian is the language of Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla . Bakso is made in China but found in Indonesia .
The Atlas II was made by Lockheed Martin in the United States and was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
Rolando Maran is in Varese Calcio S . S . D . club .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America , the country where Angola ( part of Indiana ) , is located .
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka .
Andra plays rhythm and blues music which is derived from Funk music . Disco is also derived from rhythm and blues .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo which serves Luanda . The runway length is 4000 . 0 and 159 meters above sea level .
The celestial body known as ( 15788 ) 1993 SB has a periapsis of 3997100000000 and an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 . It was discovered by Donal O Ceallaigh and has the epoch date of 6 March 2006 .
A dish popular in Indonesia is asam pedas from the Malay peninsula region , which is fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III .
King County , Auburn , and Pierce County are all located in Washington , United States but the capital of the United States is Washington DC .
Ampara Hospital , which has a website < http : / / www . ghampara . gov . lk / > , has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District in the Eastern Province State of Sri Lanka .
Indiana is the United States .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . He joined NASA in 1963 and was a member of the crew of NASA operated Apollo 8 , which also included Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin ( back up pilot ) .
Alaa Abdul Zahra , who plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team , is part of the club , AL Kharaitiyat SC . Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC which has its ground at Al Khor .
Bacon Explosion is a dish that originates in the United States , where English is the language spoken and the capital is Washington DC . Barack Obama is leader of the US and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
The Acura TLX has a Honda J engine which is manufactured by Honda , a division of which , is Acura .
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa , a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia , are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , Chicharrón , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Al Anderson , who performs Country music , was in the band NRBQ and one played with The Wildweeds .
Abradab performs hip hop music which has the sub genre Gangsta rap . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in both disco and Jazz .
Arepa is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa , which is a dish from Colombian cuisine .
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 and selected to be part of NASA ' s Apollo 12 mission in 1963 . Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott and included backup pilot Alfred Worden .
Auburn , Washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The dessert binignit contains : banana and Sago . It is from the Visayas region and found in the Philippines .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in San Sebstian de los Reyes and its runway is 4349 metres long .
Albert Jennings Fountain belonged to the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Calvary , and battled in the American Civil War , under commander Abraham Lincoln .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , United States .
Airey Neave began his career on March 4th 1974 and fought in World War II .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is a hardcover publication written by Virginia DeMarce . It has 448 pages and has the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
With a total area of 131 . 6 sq km , Anaheim ( California ) , has 336265 inhabitants , a UTC offset of - 7 , and the area code 657 .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were made in 1913 and are on the Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , CA .
Psychedelic folk musician Alison O ' Donnell is signed with Deram Records and Static Caravan Recordings . London is also the location of Deram Records .
A . S . Roma play in Serie A , of which Juventus F . C . are currently champions . Their chairman James Pallotta was born in Boston .
Created by Duncan Rouleau , Baymax , is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Delta II , which is comparable with the rocket Antares , originates from the United States and took off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 .
The biggest river of India is the Ganges . The AWH Engineering College is also located in India .
In Italy the capital is Rome , the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located there .
Beef kway teow is a Singapore dish which contains oyster sauce .
B . M . Reddy is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was founded in 2000 in India . The institute is also strongly connected to the Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in Belgaum . The exact location for the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 .
The residents of India are known as the Indian people . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the country which is led by T S Thakur .
Larry Maguire is the leader of Brandon , Manitoba , the birthplace of Alex Plante .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan . Filipinos are one ethic group in Japan .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th March 1932 . He was a test pilot and crew member of Apollo 12 . He spent 100305 minutes in space .
DeSoto are the manufacturers of the DeSoto Custom . The 1955 Dodge and Dodge Coronet are relate to the , DeSoto Custom , the successor of which , is the DeSoto Firedome .
A Glastonbury Romance , with 1174 pages , is available in print . Its ISBN number is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 , and its OCLC number is 76798317 .
The Addiction Journal has the ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 and the LCCN number of 93645978 . It is published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and is abbreviated to " Addiction " .
HIV comes under the family of Retroviruses .
Ajoblanco has almonds ( part of the Rosaceae family and from the order of Rosids ) in it . Almonds are flowering plants .
The ship A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemunde . It and is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and weighs 1850 tonnes . It has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
Alpharetta is located in the state of Georgia in the United States .
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants order of Poales . The Alderney Airport ' s first runway was made of this substance .
Alvah Sabin began his career on March 4th 1853 and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . He was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington .
Attica is part of Fountain County , Indiana , US .
Barny cakes have a dish variation that uses milk in the recipe . The nutritional value of the Barny cake includes the following : 1 . 8g protein , 18 . 00g carbohydrates and 4 . 8g of fat .
The architect of 11 Diagonal Street , completed in 1983 , was Helmut Jahn .
Adam Holloway is in the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
The capital of Alderney is Saint Anne and is served by the Alderney Airport .
The ALCO RS - 3 has 12 cylinders .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia .
sour cream is an ingredient in Bionico .
The rotation period of ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 is 9953 . 28 .
Abradab played with the band Kaliber 44 .
Aarhus Airport is located in Aarhus , Denmark , and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . The airport is 25 meters above sea level , measuring 2777 . 0 in length , dubbed 10R / 28L .
Montreal Canadiens have won the National Hockey League the most times .
Trance music is the genre of Andrew Rayel , who is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine , who in turn , is associated with the musical artist John Digweed .
Paraguay ' s ethnic Group is called Mestizo .
Anders Osborne performs Blues music and was signed to the record label ' Alligator Records ' and Okeh Records .
The SEAT Ibiza is related to the Audi A1 .
Sheldon Moldoff was an American National who won the Inkpot Award and created the Black Pirate .
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , Williamsburg , Virginia , which is owned by the College of William and Mary .
Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool have their ground . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who was a footballer for Chesterfield FC and Blackburn Rovers FC .
Attica is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana in the U . S . Washington , D . C . is the capitol of the U . S .
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located .
Alpharetta , Georgia , is in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona and plays for both F . C . Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was a Rear Admiral who was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Alan Martin plays for the Accrington Stanley F . C , who play in Accrington . He is a footballer for the Clyde FC club .
Arem arem is a main course .
Anderson , Indiana has an area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
Born in Greece , Adonis Georgiadis , was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister .
The Aston Martin V8 , which was assembled at Newport Pagnell , is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Albert B . White is a member of the Republican Party of the United States and he was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson .
American Alan Shepard was a test pilot who graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California and along the way he won the Distinguished Service Medal from the U . S . Navy which is an award higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Association Football Club Fylde ( abbreviated to AFC Fylde ) has 3180 members and its ground is in Lancashire .
Located in Haputale , Adisham Hall is Tudor Revival in style .
66063 1998 RO1 , formerly known as 1999 SN5 , has an epoch date of 4 November 2013 and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days . The periapsis is 41498400000 and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 km .
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . Makis Voridis succeeded Adonis Georgiadis . Evangelos Venizelos was Antonis Samaras ' deputy .
The Bacon Explosion is from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D . C .
Aaron S Daggett died in West Roxbury .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania whose leader is Klaus Iohannis .
Alex Day was born in the Hornchurch , United Kingdom .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al - Khor Sports Club , based in Al - Khor . He has also represented the Qatar Stars League side Al Kharaitiyat SC , which is managed by Amar Osim .
Arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . It is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy .
Atlantic City International Airport has the runway name 4 / 22 .
The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim .
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 101 Helena that has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 . He was a Canadian who studied at the University of Michigan and later died in Madison , Wisconsin .
A . S . Roma play their home games in Serie A in Rome , the current champions are Juventus .
Michael Tinkham was the doctoral advisor to A T Charlie Johnson who is the editor of AIP Advances .
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . In Uttar Pradesh is Agra Airport which is operated by the Indian Air Force . The transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force is the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands , where the Euro is the currency .
The National Park Service owns the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances , he lives in the U . S and is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham . Harvard University is his almaMater .
Acharya Institute of Technology is affilaited with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the legislature is the National Assembly and the leader is Artur Rasizade . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble . The memorial commemorates the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , which is owned by AFC Ajax N . V .
Acharya Institute of Technology has an academic staff size of 500 and their motto is Nurturing Excellence .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq , the country where there are leaders called Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum .
Buzz Aldrin , who retired on July 1st 1971 , once spent 52 minutes in outer space .
The Audi A1 has a 5 - speed manual transmission .
Aaron Turner , an electric guitar player , plays Post - metal music .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , Switzerland .
Akeem Dent used to play for Houston Texans in Houston .
The DeSoto is related to the Dodge Coronet .
Jazz singer Albennie Jones was born 1914 in Errata , Mississippi , United States .
Alfred Moore Scales ; was Governor of North Carolina , is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States , and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle .
66063 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 degrees Celsius .
The Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and the Aston Martin V8 are related means of transport . The latter car has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was manufactured by Aston Martin before being succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
United States House of Representatives is part of United States Congress and is the leader of Antioch , which is located in California , where Chinese is one of the languages spoken .
Andra is a solo singer in the genre of Rhythm and blues .
The mass of 110 Lydia is 6 . 7 kg , has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 and its epoch date was on 31 December 2006 . Its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
" A Glastonbury Romance , " by John Cowper Powys , was preceded by " Wolf Solent . " .
1001 Gaussia , which has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days , has the former name of 1923 OAA907 XC and an epoch date of 31 July 2016 .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene Regional Airport whose runway name is 17L / 35R . The airport is 546 meters above sea level and 2194 meters in length .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia , United States . The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans and some of them are Asian Americans .
Barny cakes can be found in France , whose leaders include Gérard Larcher and Francois Hollande .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis .
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA . Among the crew members were Frank Borman and William Anders . The latter was born in British Hong Kong , whose representative is Chris Patten .
The mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is 265 . 0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on May 5th , 1936 in Miri , Malaysia and lives in Sarawak . Taib Mahmud represented the region of Kota Samarahan and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Stuart Parker is a member of the Irlam Town F . C .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in print and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 as well as an OCLC number of 78771100 .
The American Locomotive Co . is located in the U . S .
Albany , Oregon falls under Linn County Oregon , in the United States , the capital of which is , Washington , D . C .
Austin , Texas is found in Williamson County where Georgetown is the county seat and Round Rock is the largest city .
The A . S . Gubbio 1910 , has 5300 members , and played in the 2014 season .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . Adams County has to its west Franklin County and to its north Cumberland County , both also of Pennsylvania . To the southwest of Adams County lies Frederick County and to the southeast Carroll County , both of Maryland .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , that is of the order Solanales , and coconut milk .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States where the leader is Barack Obama , Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written .
Austin is part of Williamson County in Texas which is part of the United States of America .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is in the Al - Naft club .
Donald O ' Ceallaigh discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 SB whose epoch date was on March 6th 2006 . Its periapsis is 3997100000000 and its apoapsis is 7715100000 . 0 kilometres .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala India was established in 2001 and has a staff compliment of 250 .
Located in Ashbat , Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , the hub of which is at Turkmenbashi International Airport .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft , Rostock , Germany . Germans is the demonym for people who live in Germany and the capital is Berlin .
Airey Neave was in World War II and began his career on March 4th 1974 .
Albert B . White , who was married to Agnes Ward White , started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished on March 4th 1905 and was succeded by Albert B . White .
The Brussels built Audi A1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 5 speed transmission .
The capital of the UK is London .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to Association of MBAs . Klink went on to work as a member of the House of Representatives .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and is a related means of transportation to the Lancia Thema and the Fiat Croma .
Allan Shivers was the Governor of Texas and his successor was Price Daniel .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) , built by Cammell Laird , is from Argentina ( capital : Buenos Aires ) .
1101 Clematis ; has the epoch on 31 December 2006 , and orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen along with playing for the Germany national under - 21 football team . SV Werder Bremen play in the Bundesliga and are managed by Viktor Skyrypnyk .
Willian Anders born in British Hong Kong served as a fighter pilot .
Gruppo Bertone is an Italian company .
A . S Gubbio played in the 2014 season .
Bacon explosion originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States . Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) was a crew member of Apollo 14 and spent 13017 . 0 ( minutes ) in space .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Alan Shepard was awarded the American Defense Service Ribbon .
The municipal official titled the Clerk leads Atlantic City , New Jersey .
The Alhambra has an 8 . 3m ship beam and a top speed of 18 . 52 .
Abner W . Sibal , a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
São José dos Pinhais is part Of Paraná ( state ) .
Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , was a crew member of Apollo 12 where Alfred Worden served as the backup pilot .
The 1955 Dodge , DeSoto Custom and Plymouth Plaza are related means of transportation in that they are both cars . The Plymouth manufactured Plymouth Plaza was succeeded by the Plymouth Satellite .
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan , it ' s also where beef kway teow is from . Beef kway teow is also found in Indonesia .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technologial University .
The comic character Asterix ( also known as Astérix ) , was created by René Goscinny , who is French .
Solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa plays Candombe music . He was born in Montevideo and records for Odeon Records .
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury . He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and given the Purple Heart award .
Bakso , which contains noodles , comes from the country of Indonesia .
Austin , Texas is in the United States ; where the city manager is the leader and African Americans call home .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , which is in Collin County , Texas . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas System . The University of Texas at Austin will be a competitor in the Big 12 Conference .
Finland is the builder of the icebreaker called the Aleksey Chirikov .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Michele Marcolini has managed A . C . Lumezzane and played for Atalanta B . C . and A . C . Chievo Verona .
Dan Quinn is the coach of the American football team the Atlanta Falcons .
Stuart Parker is the manager of the A . F . C Blackpool club , which has its ground in Blackpool . The local leader is Gordon Marsden . Parker is also a member of the Chesterfield F . C . and plays for Stockport County F . C .
The champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League are Qarabag FK .
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and is 6 . 7 kilos in mass . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km / s , an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s birthplace is New Britain , Connecticut . He was married to Ruth Ribicoff .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the country of Greece . Greece ' s leader is Nikos Voutsis and its capital is Athens . Greek is spoken in Greece .
Angola , Indiana is in Steuben County , United States . Barack Obama is a leader of the United States , they speak English and some black people live there .
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab .
Bionico is a food found in mexico , comes from the region of Jalisco and has condensed milk as an ingredient .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas , Spain and is operated by the Madrid based company ENAIRE . Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire . The leader of this region is Patrick McLoughlin .
Andra , the solo singer , was born in 1986 in Romania . During his singing career she performed from the dance - pop genre of music .
Bucharest is the capital of Romania which is led by Klaus Iohannis . The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County .
Ajoblanco is from Spain and Felipe VI is it ' s leader .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County , Georgia , in United States .
The runway length at Andrews County airport is 1773 . 0 .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 605718000 kilometres .
Beef kway teow is a dish which contains palm sugar and is commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia .
Albert Jennings Fountain birthplace is the United States on Staten Island .
Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 and is located in Gujarat , India .
Albennie Jones ( born i1914 in Errata , Mississippi , USA ) was blues solo singer .
Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarians is produced in print with OCLC number 78771100 .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s play area is The Mechanics . It has 1500 members .
New Britain , Connecticut was the birthplace of Abraham A . Ribicoff , who worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare . Anthony J . Celebrezze was the successor to , Abraham A . Ribicoff , who died in the United States .
Denmark ' s language is Faroese .
The population density of Atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and covers 344 . 9 sq . km . The total area of that city is 347 . 1 sq . km .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , a historic district in the United States , is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , with the nearest city being Frederick , Maryland .
Andra is a solo rhythm and blues singer . Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and funk was derived from the same music .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
The Battle of Antietam was part of the military conflict known as the American Civil War .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England .
10 Hygiea has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property . .
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States , where the ALV X - 1 originated , and its national anthem is the Star Spangled Banner . The title of the leader of United States is The President of the United States , and White Americans are one of its ethnic groups .
Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia which has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days and its epoch date was on 2015 - 06 - 27 . It has an absolute magnitude of 9 . 7 and its periapsis is 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20th January 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He served as a Fighter Pilot under the Apollo 11 program organized by NASA .
During the 2014 - 15 season FC Torpedo Moscow played in the Russian Premier League .
Anderson , Township of Madison County , Indiana is in the United States . It ' s led by the Democratic Party which has its American headquarters on Capitol Street .
The official language of Italy is the Italian language .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , is in the United States . New Jersey ' s largest city is Newark and its capital is Trenton .
Banana is an ingredient in binignit , which along with sandesh are types of dessert .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport , serving the city of Lahore is situated in Punjab .
Malatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia which has the Amharic language . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa in the country .
The ALV X - 1 which measures 1 . 524 meters in diameter has had a total of 1 launches , its launch site was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the U . S . He was Governor of that state and his successor was John N . Dempsey .
Although AZAL PFK is in the Azerbaijan Premier League , Qarabag FK are the champions .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas .
Ajoblanco , a dish from Andalusia and Spain . contains : water , bread , almonds , garlic and olive oil .
The 200 Public Square was completed in 1985 , it is 111484 square metres and has a floor count of 45 .
Peter Stöger ' s club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling . He is also manager of 1 . FC Köln , a player for Favoritner AC and a member of the FK Austria Wien soccer club .
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes which is in Madrid , Spain .
Angola is in Pleasant Township , part of Steuben County , Indiana , in the United States , which is where English is spoken and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The Black Pirate was created by the American Sheldon Moldoff , who went on to win the Inkpot Award .
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Memorial is in the United States .
Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff , Abdulsalami Abubakar , was born in Minna and hails The Technical Institute , Kaduna as his alma mater .
Solo singer , Andra uses the genre , Rhythm and blues , of which , Funk is a derivative .
The United States is led by it ' s president and it ' s residents are known as Americans , there are many different ethnic groups that live in the U . S , one being African Americans . One of the states of the U . S is Georgia , which is home to Albany .
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago and he played for the club T & TEC Sports Club but currently plays for Central F . C .
The AZAL PFK , with 3500 members , competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League , with championship team being Qarabag FK . AZAL PFK competed in the 2014 season and play their home matches at the AZAL Arena .
11264 Claudiomaccone , which has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 has a temperature of 173 . 0 ( kelvins ) and an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres .
Auburn is part of Alabama , in the United States .
The BBC , which is located in London , showed the TV series Bananaman . It starred Bill Oddie who was born in Rochdale .
The company Populous were the architects of the 3Arena at North Wall , Dublin . The arena , which has a height of 28 metres , was completed in December 2008 and hosts concerts and events .
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 3 , 500 and has the name 14L / 32R . It is located at 610 metres above sea level in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE .
William Anders was chosen by NASA in 1963 .
John Buscema won the Inkpot Award .
The Tennessee Titans , based in Nashville , TN , were Akeem Ayers debut team . He also played for the St . Louis Rams that are out of St . Louis and coached by Joe Vitt .
Rolando Maran plays for both Varese Calcio S . S . D . and Carrarese Calcio and has managed AC Chievo Verona .
The American Locomotive Company produced the ALCO RS - 3 which has a total of 12 cylinders , a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . Only 1418 of that model were manufactured .
The White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which uses the English language . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and is led by the President . One of the leaders in the country is Paul Ryan .
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Alan Shepard was an American who was born on November 18th , 1923 .
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and performs electroacoustic music . He has played for the bands , Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
California , which is the location of Anaheim , uses the English language . Anaheim is led by the California State Assembly in the State Capitol .
Attica , Indiana is part of the U . S .
Arem - arem , a Javanese dish , is from Indonesia , where Indonesian is the language spoken . Two of the leaders in Indonesia are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla .
The United States , where English is the spoken language , includes the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups . The country is the location of Albany , a city in Oregon which has the capital of Salem .
The Latin name of 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba , Romania , is Universitas Apulensis .
Edwin E Aldrin Jr , also known as Buzz Aldrin , was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 and retired on 1 July 1971 .
Adisham Hall has the architectural style ' Tudor Revival ' .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB was discovered by Iwan P Williams .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf , studied at Radboud University Nijmegen and worked as a member of the House of Representatives .
The Audi A1 is a related vehicle to the VW Polo .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in 1995 .
Elliot See joined NASA in 1962 .
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th , 1989 and he made his debut for the Tennessee Titans but his former team is the New England Patriots .
Aaron Turner performed for House of Low Culture .
The spoken language in Italy is Italian .
Retired NASA test pilot chosen 1963 . Alan Bean was a student at UT Austin , B . S . 1955 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland where the leader of the country is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The AMC Matador has a AMC V8 engine and was assembled in Mexico City . The alternative name for AMC Matador is VAM Classic .
DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded ' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' . The novel that was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . It in turn was preceded by ' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' that was written in English .
Alfredo Zitarrosa background includes solo singing . Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Zamba music and was signed to Odeon Records .
Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen .
Atlanta is located within the US state of Georgia .
09 / 27 Buitenveldertbaan is the runway name of the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Sweden is the birth place of Ace Wilder .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England ( which has the Labour Party in the majority ) .
The orbital period of ( 29075 ) 1950 DA is 69862200 . 0 .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C and African Americans are among the ethnic groups . Americans live in the U . S , where the title of the leader is The President .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Lunada . The runway 05L / 23R is 4000ft long and 159m a . s . l .
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is made in China .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was designed by architect Alfred Giles .
The country of Indonesia like to serve hot dishes of the main meal Batagor .
English is a language spoken in Texas .
Al Anderson , a member of the band NRBQ , performs rock music and was a member of The Wildweeds . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur , and two ethnic groups include Malaysian Chinese and Malay . Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula .
4 / 22 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport which is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , ( part of Atlantic County ) , in the United States .
John Geering created the TV character Bananaman which was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 and starred Jill Shilling .
The ALV X1 comes from the US , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the anthem is the Star Spangled Banner .
NASA operated Apollo 12 .
Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . To the west is Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County . Carroll County , Maryland is located to the southeast .
Hip hop music originates from funk and lends itself to drum and bass . Singer Allen Forrest is considered hip hop .
The full size class Alvis Speed 25 , manufactured in 1937 , has a 127 " wheelbase ans a 31 . 42 tax horsepower engine . It has a " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " transmission .
The President of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B . M . Reddy and the university is located in Bangalore . The city was foundered by Kempe Gowda I .
The BBC , located in London , with Rona Fairhead as a key person , broadcast the TV series Bananaman and produces BBC radio .
Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC ( London ) and starred Bill Oddie , who was born in Rochdale .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . It was completed in 2000 and is categorized as Contributing Property .
Chinese , is spoken in some parts of California . The state Anaheim is a part of . Anaheim is led by he California State Senate , which is located at the California State Capitol .
Abilene is part of Texas , the capital of which is Austin . English is spoken in Texas , which is located in the United States .
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen . Denmark is the home of the School of Business Studies and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage .
Greenville , where Appleton International airport ( serving Appleton in Wisconsin ) is located , is part of Ellington and Dale , Wisconsin .
The leader of Russia is Vladimir Putin .
Stuart Parker has represented the club KV Mechelen .
Said to come from France ( leader of which is Gérard Larcher ) , Baked Alaska is served in Hong Kong ( Carrie Lam is the leader ) .
The temperature of 19255 1994 VK8 is 43 kelvins .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy and Pietro Grasso is it ' s leader .
England , where the capital is London , is the home of the Cornish language and the established religion of the Church of England . It is also the location of Dead Mans Plack which is dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Addis Ababa City Hall can be found in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , a country led by Mulatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn .
The temperature of 1097 Vicia is 171 . 0 ( kelvins ) and it has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
Anaheim , in California , has a UTC offset of - 8 , and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
An alternative name for Asam pedas is Asam padeh .
! 937 is when prodction began of the Alvis Speed 25 , a full - size luxury vehicle . It has a wheelbase of 127 inches and a straight - six engine . The Alvis Speed 25 has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
Atlantic City International Airport can be found in New Jersey in Egg Harbor Township .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas and is American . He received a BSc . from U of Texas at Austin in 1955 . Anders was a test pilot and began working for NASA in 1963 .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada , where the national anthem is ' O Canada ' .
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands .
Aaron Bertram is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends band , who perform rock music .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , a country whose capital is Washington , D . C . and which is led by Barack Obama . African Americans are an ethic group in the U . S . and English is spoken there .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA - 3 which is operated by Arianespace and located at the Guiana Space Centre which has HQ in French Guiana .
Abradab performs hip hop music which originated from jazz . Drum and bass derive their sounds from hip hop which also has a sub genre called Gangsta rap .
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to " AIP Adv . " ) covers the discipline of physics .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , India , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s outlook ranking is 63 .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza and the language spoken there is English .
Buzz Aldrin was born on Jan 20th , 1930 and his full name is Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 . He is now retired .
A . F . C . Fylde ' s ground is Kellamergh Park and the club has 3180 members .
Appleton International airport ( Appleton ) is located in Greenville which is in Grand Chute and part of Dale , Wisconsin .
The fullname of AZAL PFK is AZAL Pesokar Futbol Klubu , they have 3500 members and were in the 2014 season .
The anthem of Romania is called Desteapta te romane .
The AWH Engineering Collage in Kuttittattoor , Kerala , India has 250 academic staff . Mumbai is the largest city in India .
Albuquerque is located in New Mexico where the language is Navajo . As it lies within the United States it is led by the President of the country .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band .
Allen Forrest ' s Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , in 1981 . He is a solo singer whose genre of music is Rhythm and Blues .
Akeem Adams plays for W Connection F . C .
The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician who uses her voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp . Jazz has its stylistic origins in folk music , and has derivative genres Funk and Afrobeat .
Abraham A Ribicoff passed away in New York City but was born in Connecticut .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud but he resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
The leader of Malaysia is Abdul Halim of Kedah .
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer plays the bass guitar . Indie rock is a derivative of new wave music and has its stylistic origins in garage rock .
One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk . Another ingredient is sweet potato which is from the order Solanales .
Albany , Oregon is in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Agnes Kant was a resident of Doesburg .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Steel Azin F . C .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica CODEN code is " APGPAC " and the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol . Pol .
Alfred Garth Jones , born 1872 in Manchester , England died in Sidcup .
Amarillo a city in Texas is 1099 meters above sea level 746 people per square kilometer , 233 . 9 SqKm . and the area code is 806 .
Alex Day is a Synthpop solo singer . Synthpop is a form of pop music derived from house music and new wave music .
Antwerp International Airport serves the popular tourist destination city of Antwerp . French is the main language of Belgium where Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium are leaders .
The construction of Adare Manor , with architectural design by George Richard Pain , began in 1700 and was completed in 1862 .
The British Arabs , an English ethnic group , went to visit the DeadMan ' s Plack , a monument near the capital city of London .
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and Singapore . Its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
The dark asteroid called 1000 Piazzia , has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a mass of 1 . 1kg . Its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and it has the epoch date of , 2015 - 06 - 27 .
Established in 2000 , the Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka India . The institute ' s president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The location identifier for Agra Airport is VIAG .
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer , who played for Al - Shamal Sports Club .
AFC Fylde ( full name : Association Football Club Fylde ) , played in 2014 and their ground in Lancashire holds 3180 fans .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way , Virginia . It was designed by architect Robert A M Stern and completed on 1 June 2009 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , by J . V . Jones , is in print with OCLC number 51969173 .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has a peripsis of 29919600000 . 0 and an epoch date of 2004 - 07 . 14 .
Amsterdam airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is known as Number 18 .
10 Hygiea , which has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 , takes 5 . 57 days to orbit and has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec .
The novel Aenir , written in English , was followed by Above the Veil .
Batagor , Siomay & shumai come from Indonesia . Batagor & Siomay are variations of the same dish & Batagor is a variation of shumai . Batagor ' s main ingredients are fried fish dumplings with tofu & vegetables in peanut sauce .
The Antares rocket made its first flight on April 21 , 2013 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and went onto be a student at University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system . The University is competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See died in St . Louis .
The rotation period for 11264 Claudiomaccone is 11473 . 9 .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
Massimo Drago is in the A . C . Cesena club .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in Dutch speaking Belgium .
The A - Rosa Luna ship was ordered on January 22nd 2004 .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States . A country where the language is English and Barack Obama is the leader . It is also where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Glen Ridge is in the Essex County in New Jersey .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 , an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km / s . and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
Stnading 178cm tall , the footballer Aleksandre Guruli has previously played for the clubs FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon - Duchère .
The Audi A1 and Volkswagen Polo are related kinds of transportation .
Aaron Turner ' s genre is post - metal .
An ingredient in a bacon sandwich is bread .
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 34 meters above sea level . Its 3rd runway has the surface type of poaceae and is 597 . 0 in length with the name 03L / 21R .
Universal Music Group ' s , Philips Records , is the label of Agustín Barboza .
Barny Cakes come from France where French is spoken and François Hollande and / or Claude Bartolone are the leader .
Arrabbiata sauces originates from Rome , Italy . It is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis and Black Metal is his music genre . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Succeeded by William M . O . Dawson , Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party in the United States . Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished his career on March 4th 1905 .
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 , a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms and an orbital period of 1 , 622 . 213 days . Its periapsis is 371 , 240 , 000 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437 , 170 , 000 kilometres .
Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst , the ground of AFC Ajax amateurs .
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District of Sri Lanka , which is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Naft .
Alessio Romagnoli is connected to UC Sampdoria .
The leader of Akron , Ohio is Dan Horrigan .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Spain , is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu member Abdul Taib Mahmud was born 05 / 21 / 1936 in the Kingdom of Sarawak and currently resides in Kuching . He is a representative of the Asajaya region . .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and its epoch is 31 December 2006 . With a mass of 5 . 6 kgs , ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of , 6603633000 . 0 km .
Alan Shepard was born in November 1923 in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . Alan Shepard passed away in California .
Roy Thomas won an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts .
Andrew Rayel is a Trance musician , which originated from House music . He is associate with many artists including Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company . It has 12 cylinders , a V12 engine , a diesel - electric transmission and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
Alex Tyus ' s club is Maccabi Tel Aviv BC .
The East Africa Campaign was part of World War II , a war in which Benito Mussolini was a commander and in which Airey Neave fought .
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon , where the largest city is Corvallis .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , U . S . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S , where Washington DC . is the capital .
P & O transporting company is located in London and own the Alhambra which is 63800 mms in length and has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a maximum temperature of 362 kelvins .
The Audi A1 is a hatchback .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas in the U . S . whose largest city is Houston . The capital city of Texas is Austin .
Albert B . White was born September 22nd , 1856 and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Angola , Indiana is in the United States where English is spoken .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader .
Disco derives from rhythm and blues which itself originated from the blues . Ahmet Ertegun from the United States performs the musical genre of rhythm and blues .
The Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia offer Asam pedas . Malaysia is also home to the Malay and ethnic Malaysian Chinese . Malaysia ' s capital is Kuala Lumpur .
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Its Its maiden flight was on April 21st 2013 and its final flight on July 13 , 2014 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania of the U . S . A . , is considered a contributing property and was erected in 2000 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas . ENAIRE is the operating organization for the airport . That organization is located in Madrid , Spain .
The Battle of Gettysburg , where Aaron S Daggett fought , was part of the American Civil War conflict , where Robert E Lee was a commander .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , Spain .
Anders Osborne has played with Galactic and associated with artists Tab Benoit and Billy luso .
French is Canada ' s official language .
lpena County Regional Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 210 .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US , where English is spoken and Barack Obama ( the President ) , is the leader . The United States is the location of Albuquerque in New Mexico .
Akeem Dent , whose club is the Houston Texans , was born in Atlanta Georgia , on 27 / 09 / 1987 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny who have their home ground in Grozny .
The Acura TLX has an Inline - four engine .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and is found in hardcover with the OCLC number 51969173 .
Binignit contains both sweet potatoes and bananas , and can be found in the Visayas region of the Philippines .
French is an official language of Canada .
1099 Figneria , which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 , has a periapsis of 34920600000 and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 . It ' s mass if 2 . 7kg and the escape velocity of 0 . 0155 km per sec .
The periapsis for ( 29075 ) 1950 DA is 124950000000 . 0 .
William Anders , Buzz Aldrin , and Frank Borman all worked for NASA , and they were all members of the Apollo 8 team , which is operated by NASA . William , who was born in British Hong Kong , was a test pilot . William retired on September 1 , 1969 . Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot . William Frank Borman was the Apollo 8 commander .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , and it also includes coconut milk .
AWH Engineering College in Mumbai , India has a staff size of 250 people . The Ganges River is also found in India .
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol serves Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Anaheim is in Orange County ( part of the greater L . A . area ) , California is in the U . S .
A . C . Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro .
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of Derbyshire and is well Bakewell pudding comes from . The Bakewell tart is a variation of BVakewell pudding and is made with frangipane .
Austin is the capital of Texas .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine which was created in the city of Friedrichshafen .
Tim Brooke - Taylor , originally from the U . K , starred in Bananaman .
Alan Frew performs alternative rock music .
Alan Frew was born in the U . K .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay , the leader of which , is Tabare Vazquez .
The Alhambra is owned by the London based , P & O company .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , 560090 , India . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The ALV X - 1 comes from the United States ; where the inhabitants are called Americans and where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Meringue is found in Baked Alaska which France , USA and China claim to have invented .
B . M . Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was founded in 2000 and located in the city of Bangalore in the country of India . It has 700 postgraduate students and the exact location of the institute is , " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is made from rock and is in ENgland .
Alexandria , Indiana , is part of Madison County , the largest city of which , is Anderson . Alexandria is located in Indiana , where the capital is Indianapolis , in the United States .
Arem - arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java , and it uses the banana leaf as an ingredient .
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India . The leaders of the country are T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine , one of its ingredients is Chicharrón , that is found in the Andalusia region .
Alfredo Zitarrosa ; started out as a solo singer , was signed to Odeon Records and his musical genre is , Candombe .
Sara Miller McCune founded SAGE Publications .
Abel Hernandez has played for the club US Citta di Palermo whose manager is Giuseppe Iachini .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank . He was formerly with the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston in Texas .
Born in Georgia , Vermont , Alvah Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and was a Baptist .
Adare Manor can be found in Adare , County Limerick , Munster .
Fort Campbell is the birth place of Allen Forrest .
Alex Day is a solo singer and performs synthpop music . Synthpop is a musical derivative of house music and has its origins in new wave music .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Putrajaya and ethnic groups include Malay and Malaysian chinese . The dish is also found in the regions of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula .
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit .
Arem - arem is a Javanese dish that originates from Indonesia . The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia , where the leader is Joko Widodo .
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany .
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St . Vincent – St . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , US .
In Mexico the spoken language is Spanish and they eat Bionico .
Agra Airport , which is operated by the Airports Authority of India , is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh , Bundelkhand .
The United States uses the english language , includes the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups and has the capital city of Washington DC . The country is also the location of Albany which falls under Linn County in Oregon .
The A . E . Dimitea Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Euro is the currency , Athens is the capital and Nikos Voutsis is the leader .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City which is part of Manhattan .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , 560090 , Undia . Its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Curitiba is part of the State of Paraná .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc . where Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person . The company was founded in California and is located in Peoria , Illinois .
The successor of Abraham A . Ribicoff was John N . Dempsey .
Maple Ridge Townshio , Alpena County Michigan is in the United States .
Angola is part of the state of Indiana .
Arròs negre is from Catalonia in Spain . Spaniards are the main ethnic group in this country . Carles Puigdemont is a leader in Catalonia .
The name of the leader in Jalisco is Jesus Casillas Romero .
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the team have 5300 members .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV and SV Werder Bremen .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and a hardtop .
Ardmore Airport ' s 3rd runway is made of Poaceae , a flowering plant belong to the order of the Commelinids .
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township in Madison County . It is located in Indiana , US , which has the state capital known as Indianapolis .
Born in British Hong Kong , William Anders graduated AFIT , M . S . in 1962 and is now the US Ambassador to Norway .
Adonis Georgiadis was in office when Antonis Samaras served as Prime Minister and had Evangelos Venizelos for a Deputy . While Antonis Samaras , was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka . It was awarded the status of Technical Campus by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai . Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telangana to the north east .
The population density of Alexandria , Indiana , is 755 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometer ) .
Psychedelic folk musician Alison O ' Donnell belongs to London label Deram Records and was formerly signed with Fruits de Mer Records .
The loaction identifier of Alpena County Regional Airport is APN .
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 . It has a mass of 1 . 1 kg . and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
An exponent of Rhythm and blues , Musical Artist , Aleksandra Kovač , is in same band with Kornelije Kovač and is associated with fellow musical artist Kristina Kovač .
The area codes for Arlington , Texas are 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 , 972 .
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 .
Greece ' s leader name is Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Minna born Abdulsalami Abubakar studied at the Technical Institute Kaduna and served as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff . He was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo .
Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia is owned by The College of William and Mary .
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was completed in 1976 with 23 floors and was designed by the architect John Madin .
The Aston Martin Virage , made by Aston Martin , was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage . It is similar to the Aston Martin DBS .
Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow , one of the clubs , Aleksandr Prudnikov played for . he alos played for , FC Rubin Kazan .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , has an orbital period of 39447000 . Discovered by Spacewatch , it has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres and a periapsis of , 88234300000 . 0 .
Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and it is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 5 - speed manual transmission .
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome .
SV Werder Bremen play in the Bundesliga .
The bacon sandwich originated from the English speaking country of the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ; was a member of the Nigerian Air Force , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President and was succeeded by , Olusegun Obasanjo .
The 1955 Dodge has a hardtop .
Akron Summit Assault has its grounds at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School which is in Akron , Ohio , part of Summit County , Ohio .
101 Helena was discovered on 31 December 2006 by James Craig Watson , who later died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Annie Dunne was followed by A Long Long Way and The Secret Scripture .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico , a dish served for dessert . A Cookie is also a type of dessert .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba in Brazil . Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party , is found in the south region and is part of the state of Parana .
All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai .
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The country is led by Sardar Ayaz Sadiq .
The leader of Birmingham which has the B postcode is the Conservative Party ( UK ) . The city is the home town of John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Ajoblanco is a dish from the Andalusian region of Spain and includes the ingredient garlic .
The comic book character Aurakles was created by Len Wein and the American Dick Dillian .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is similar to the Fiat Croma which is related to the Opel Vectra . It was assembled in Milan and has a V6 engine .
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
The Atlas II is manufactured by the Bethesda , Maryland based Lockheed Martin and was launched at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Clayton , Winnebago County in the United States . The airport serves Appleton which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 1933 . He was a fighter pilot and also served as a crew member of Apollo 8 . He retired on the 1st of September , 1969 .
The rotation period of 103 Hera is 85466 . 9 .
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco . Almonds are from the Rosaceae family , a division of flowering plants and a member of the Rosales order .
Bozo , the Iron Man was created by George Brenner .
The epoch date of 410777 2009 FD is 27 June 2015 and it was discovered by Spacewatch . It has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
Amarillo Texas is part of Randall County , Texas in the U . S . Washington is the capital in that country and one ethnic group there are known as African Americans .
Aaron Deer was part of the band Wee Giant .
US national William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 17th October 1933 . The NASA test pilot retired on 1st September 1969 .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion in Paraguay .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print and has an OCLC number of 78771100 and an ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Ahmet_Davutoğlu is Turkey ' s leader and his title is The President . Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey ( capital Ankara ) and was inaugurated on 27th of July , 1932 .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . Its ICAO ID location is SBCT and the runway name is 15 / 33 . The airport is 911 m above sea level and the runway is 1800 m long .
Elizabeth II is the leader of Canada whose anthem is O Canada and one ethnic group there are Black Canadians . Adam McQuaid originated from this country .
Andra the Dance - pop solo singer was born in Romania in 1986 and is also a reality TV judge .
Akeem Adams , who was born in Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago , played for his country ' s national under 17 football team and currently for Ferencvarosi TC .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 , with B . M . Reddy as its president and Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar as director , and 700 postgraduate students are in attendance .
White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
Connecticut born Abraham A Ribicoff , who was married to Casey Ribicoff , once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office .
Native Americans are the ethnic group in the United States , the country where Abraham A Ribicoff was born and is from . Casey Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A . Ribicoff , who died in New York City .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is situated in the state of Alba , Romania .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish Ayam penyet .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the people who live there are called Italians .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc . which is in Peoria , Illinois . The company , Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in California , in the United States .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 degrees Celsius and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
Alfred N . Phillips was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States .
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir which is written in English in Australia .
The Alhambra is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and had a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes 140hp geared steam engine .
Andrew White plays alternative rock which originated from new wave and punk rock music . Nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock .
English speaking United States boasts the Bacon Explosion .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq . The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA and has a 3 , 992 . 88 meters long airway called 09R / 27L .
John Cowper Powys is the author of Weymouth Sands .
One of the rivers of India is the Ganges . The country is also the location of the AWH Engineering College which has 250 academic staff and is located in the state of Kerala which is southeast of Mahe , India .
Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in the U . S .
Siniša Mihajlović is manager of A . C . Milan .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Eric Flint comes in hardcover and has 448 pages .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and was married to Agnes Ward White . He began his career on March 4 , 1901 and ended it exactly four years later to the day .
Adams County in Pennsylvania is located to the south of Cumberland County and northwest of Carroll County , Maryland . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument .
The name of the runway at Abilene Regional Airport is 17R / 35L .
Angola , Indiana is in the United States , a country whose language is English . One of the ethnic groups within the U . S . are African Americans .
The alternative name of Airman ( comics character ) is " Drake Stevens " .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad , which is operated by Arianespace and is located at the Guiana Space Centre . The Guiana Space Centre ' s headquarters are located in Kourou , French Guiana .
Abners plays for the CD FAS Club and Coritiba Football Club .
Bhajji comes from the country India , where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either T . S . Thakur and / or Narendra Modi .
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from and the capital is Rome . The leaders are Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom . It can be served with condiments and variations include the BLT and club sandwich .
John Cowper Powys is the author of Wolf Solent which is the novel that preceded A Glastonbury Romance . This book in turn was followed by Weymouth Sands which was then followed by the novel Maiden Castle .
The capital of Malaysia is Putrajaya and the main ethnic groups are the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay . Asam Pedras which is found in Malaysia comes from Sumatra .
200 Public square , with 45 floors , is in Cleveland , United States .
103 Colmore Row , completed in 1976 with 23 floors , is located on Colmore Row in Birmingham , England . It was designed by architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham .
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and a mass of 7 . 9kg Its orbital period is 1622 . 213 days and it has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
AWH Engineering College is in Kerala , India . The leader of Kerala is Kochi . The Ganges is a river in India .
The league U . C . Sampdoria play in is Serie A .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
The Alhambra is 6 . 38 metres long and has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes ( of London ) power type .
Atlanta , in Fulton County , Georgia is 347 . 1 square kilometres large . It has a 1 , 299 residents per square kilometre and uses the 404 , 678 and 470 area codes .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Karnataka , India .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and the Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The California State Senate , located in the California State Capitol , leads Anaheim , which is part of California .
Born in the USA in 1914 , Albennie Jones plays the blues and has performed as a solo singer .
The country of Ayam penyet is Java .
The Acura TLX , classed as a mid - size car , is assembled in Marysville , Ohio . It had a front engine design layout and a Honda K engine .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States , a country that includes many Asian Americans and has Washington , D . C . as its capital .
Juan Perón of the labour party was married to Eva Perón and Alberto Teisaire , who died in Buenos Aires , was in office while Juan Perón was president . The leader of Buenos Aires is Diego Santilli .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg , but now plays for SV Babelsberg 03 .
Alan Shepard died July 21st , 1998 .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka .
The birth place of Adam Koc is Suwalki .
" Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg " is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg . Their ISSN number is 0025 - 5858 , their LCCN number is 32024459 and their CODEN code is AMHAAJ .
Buzz Aldrin is now retired . A US national he was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and became a fighter pilot . In 1963 he was selected by NASA to serve as a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level .
TS Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India , the country which is home to the Bhajji . People from India are called Indians and the currency there is the Indian rupee .
Some ingredients of the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage and is served as a main course . The dish originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States .
Radboud University Nijmegen alum and Netherlands Socialist Party member Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and resided in Doesburg .
The musical genre of Albennie Jones is rhythm and blues . A musical genre which originated from the blues and has the derivative , disco .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . ( abbreviated to A . S . Roma ) has 70634 members and its ground is Stadio Olimpico .
The Republic of Ireland ' s currency is the Euro .
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 , in Dothan , Alabama . Originally a solo singer , his musical genre is Rhythm and Blues .
AFC Ajax played in the 2014 season , the team has 53502 members .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , a 320 page hardcover book , has a ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Binignit is a dish found in the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot and the language spoken is Philippine English .
Allen Forrest , an active musician since 2005 , performs rhythm and blues music .
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . Its nickname is " Alvinegro " , it competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and has 17000 members .
The Ashgabat International Airport has 3800 . 00 meters long runway and operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines . The headquarters of the Airlines is placed in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan .
The abbreviation " ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . " is for ACM Transactions on Information Systems .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC . The country is the location of Akron which is in Summit County , Ohio , .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in Netherlands which uses the Euro as its currency . He attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 , are located in Manhattan and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asuncion .
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Potter County which is located in the United States .
The AIDS journal studies HIV / AIDS and The ISSN number is 1473 - 5571 .
Albert B White , married to Agnes Ward White , was a member of the Republican Party in the United States . His career began on March 4th 1901 and ended on March 4th 1905 - he was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Aaron Turner , formerly Old Man Gloom , plays with the Lotus Eaters .
Arros negre is traditional in the Catalonia region of Spain . It includes : squid / cuttlefish , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and white rice .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and the apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Alan Martin , who played football for Leeds United F . C . is a footballer for the Clyde FC . The club which is managed by , Barry Ferguson and the ground of which , is called Broadwood Stadium .
Alison O ' Donnell , who was once signed to Deram Records , performs Jazz music which helped give rise to Funk .
Indians is the name given to people from India , where the dish bhajji originates . The local currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and T S Thakur .
Elliot See was an American who was born on July 23rd , 1927 , in Dallas , and died in St . Louis . He attended the University of Texas at Austin .
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom , which was manufactured at DeSoto , are related means of transportation .
Adam Holloway , who served in the Grenadier Guards and was involved in Gulf War Battles .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain who was born in Rome , and married to , Queen Sofia of Spain .
Margrethe II and Lars Lokke Rasmussen lead the country of Denmark which is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors , where Roy D . Chapin Jr . is a key person and which was acquired by Chrysler .
To the north of Adams County , Pennsylvania is Cumberland County , Pennsylvania .
Alfred N . Phillip was a member of the US Army who was a participant in the The Revolutionary War .
Alternative rock musician Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 . Alternative rock music has its origins in punk rock and new wave music as well as being an element of the fusion genre Nu metal .
Aleksandr Chumakov ' s birth place is Moscow and he plays for the Soviet Union national football team as well as the FC Torpedo Moscow .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S , where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group . English is also the language of Great Britain .
The building of the 125 . 8 metre long , A - Rosa Luna , was completed on April 6th 2005 .
The leader of India is T . S . Thakur and has a currency called the rupee . Bhajji comes from that country .
Footballer , Alan Martin , plays for both , Hamilton Academical F . C . and Accrington Stanley F . C . The latter , played in Accrington .
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire The frangipane Bakewell tart , a variation of Bakewell pudding , is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area .
The lira is the currency of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader and the capital city is Ankara . The country is the site of the Ataturk monument at Izmir which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Anders Osborne ' s musical career began in 1989 .
Alan Bean is an American born in Wheeler , Texas . He was on the Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA after receiving a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 . Alan is now retired .
Sweet potatoes are part of the order of Solanales and are a main ingredient of Binignit which also contains taro .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , located in the United States , falls under the category of Contributing property .
Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues , one of the performers of the the rhythm and blues genre is , Albennie Jones .
Andrew White , whose genre is alternative rock , is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which originated from new wave music .
San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid .
Indie rock , with its origin of garage rock and inclusion of guitars , is the genre of musician Aaron Deer .
Sour cream is an ingredient of bionico , a dish that comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico .
Iraqi born Alaa Abdul Zahra is a member of both the under 23 football team and the Sanat Mes Kerman FC .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq , a country where the Kurdish languages are spoken .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States and the leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California state .
The currency in the Netherlands is the euro .
FC Spartak Moscow play at the Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov played for their youth team . He also plays for FC Amkar Perm under Gadzhi Gadzhiyev ' s management , as well as FC Kuban Krasnodar .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , United States . Manhattan and Brooklyn are both parts of New York City .
Dianne Feinstein is one of the senators of California , where Alan Shepard died .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , a language that is spoken in Great Britain . It was published in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Ariane 5 , manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space , was launched at ELA - 3 with its final flight on 9 / 27 / 2003 .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 600 students and was established in 1996 . The leader of the country is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
1089 Tama has an average speed of 19 . 94 kilometers per second .
Ayam penyet is a popular fried chicken dish in Malaysia .
John Madin from Birmingham was the architect of 103 Colmore Row .
Alan B Miller Hall ( located in Williamsburg , Virginia ) is owned by The College of William and Mary and was completed on June 1st 2009 .
Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U . S . and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) before being succeeded by Wilfred R Cousins Jr .
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department , Colombia . It includes Avocado ( part of the Lauraceae family ) .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s predecessor 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written in English by Eric Flint . .
The Antares rocket , made by Orbital ATK , was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . Having a 3 . 9 meter diameter , its initial voyage was January 9 , 2014 and the last flight occurred , 10 / 28 / 2014 .
Ayam penyet comes from Java but is made nationwide , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
The Flemish Government has its jurisdiction in Flanders .
Th United State Air Force , operates the Al Asad Airbase located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . It ' s ICAO location ID is ORAA . The Airbase ' s 08 / 26 runway is 3 , 990 , in length .
The creators of the comic character Airman were Harry Sahle and George Kapitan .
Bacon Explosion is a main course dish from the United States which contains the main ingredients of bacon and sausage .
In the United States , is Alexandria , which is part of the Monroe Township , in Madison County , Indiana . This state is where they speak American English , and where the capital is Indianapolis .
Aleksandre Guruli , who plays for FC Samtredia , played for the Olympique Lyonnais club , the home ground of which , is , Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
The population density of Albuquerque in New Mexico is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
The Administrative Science Quarterly , aka the Admin . Sci . Q , comes under the academic discipline of Management . Their ISSN number is 0001 - 8392 and their LLCN number is 57059226 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established in 2000 ) is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , and falls under the category of Contributing property .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol in Austria . He died in Graz .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( Acta Math . Hungar . ) which has a discipline of math has the LCCN number 83646315 and ISSN number 1588 - 2632 .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan , he plays for the El Salvador national football team and FC Dallas .
Anaheim , which is in California has a total area of 131 . 6 sq km and an area code 657 .
London is the capital of England where the Cornish language can be heard in the region of Cornwall . The country contains different ethnic groups , one of which is the British Arabs . It is also the location of Dead Mans Plack which is dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
The Ariane 5 , built by ESA and Arianespace , had its final flight on 9 / 27 / 2003 and was launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) was built by Cammell Laird .
Alpharetta , is in Georgia , in the United States , of which Washington , D . C . is the capital and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Allan Shivers was Lieutenant Governor of Texas and was succeded by Ben Ramsey .
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka in the Tudor Revival style of architecture .
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 142 Nakadori , it has 3 floors and a floor area of 3746 . 66 square metres .
Ace Wilder , who is a solo singer and songwriter , was born in Stockholm .
Aaron Bertram plays Ska punk , derived from ska music .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County , in Georgia , in the United States . Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County .
An important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce ( from the Rome region ) is chili pepper .
Akeem Adams ' s club is the Trinidad and Tobago national under 17 football team .
Valentina Matviyenko is a leader in Russia which is where Aleksandr Chumakov died .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under - 17 football team .
The asteroid called 11264 Claudiomaccone , discovered by Nikolai Chernykh , has an average speed of 18 . 29 km / sec , an orbital period is 1513 . 722 days , an epoch date of 26 November 2005 , and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 km .
Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
The Minotaur IV rocket was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region , and typical Colombian cuisine . Chorizo is one of its ingredients .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and he now lives at Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Adisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe , its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , and the official language is Tamil .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge .
A - Rosa was made by Neptun Werft headquartered in Rostock , Germany . Germans are from Germany whose leader is Joachim Gauck .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York , and it has the Postmodern style of architecture .
The Lockheed AC - 130 , an an attack aircraft is used by the United States Air Force which operates Al Asad airbase . It was also involved in both the Invasion of Panama and Operation Enduring Freedom .
1099 Figneria was formerly known as 1928 RQ and has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and a periapsis measurement of 349206000000 . 0 .
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Indonesia . The same dish is found in Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is a leader and Standard Chinese is the language spoken .
Ace Wilder is as a solo singer .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell , the publisher of the journal Addiction which has the LCCN number 93645978 .
Coming from the region of Visayas , in the Philippines , Binignit , is a type of dessert . Which banana as the main ingredient but also has sago in it .
Attica , Indiana is part of the United States .
1634 : The Ram Rebelllion can be found as an E book .
Aleksandr Barkov Jr ' s weight is 96 . 1632 kg .
Akeem Dent ' s first team were the Atlanta Falcons ( owned by Arthur Blank ) . He used to play for the Houston Texans , which is located in the city of Houston .
Alan Shepard was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire . He was a test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1959 . He died in California .
California have fossils of the Smilodon .
The epoch date of 410777 2009 FD is 27 June 2015 .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company .
Paulo Sousa played for Inter Milan and Maccabi Tel Aviv FC . He is a member of the Portugal national football team and manages ACF Fiorentina .
A city in Texas , which has Houston as its largest city , is Arlington which is part of Tarrant County .
1000 Piazzia has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
The first runway at Abilene Regional Airport ( elevation 546 metres above sea level ) is made from asphalt .
Alex Day was born in the UK where the capital city is London . He uses the Synthpop genre which is a form of house music derived from New wave music .
Greece demonym is Greeks .
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand , located 34 meters above sea level , has a runway length of 597 . 0 and is made of Poaceae .
The UTC offset in Antioch , California , is - 8 .
Footballer Alessio Romagnoli , who represented Italy at under 17 level , is connected to UC Sampdoria .
Adams County , Pennsylvania has Frederick County , Maryland to its southwest .
Alison O ' Donnell is a psychedelic folk musician and recorded on the record label , Static Caravan Recordings . She records with Deram Records , which is based in London .
The AIDAluna was built by Meyer Werft .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , it main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
Chiang Kai - shek was a commander in the Second World War .
Adonis Georgiadis worked as a Member of the Hellenic Parliament .
Aaron Hunt ' s clubs are Goslarer SC 08 and also VfL Wolfsburg managed by Dieter Hecking .
Clubs played for by Aleksandre Guruli include US Boulogne and FC Karpaty Lviv .
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico , where Bionico ( a type of food dish ) is found . Both Bionico and cookies can be served as dessert .
Universitas Aarhusiensis is the latin name of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which is affiliated to the European University Association .
The US , where English is spoken and the inhabitants are called Americans , is home to the ethnic group called African Americans . Angola , which is part of Indiana , is located in the United States .
One of the ethnic groups within South Africa is Asian South Africans .
The manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 is the Aston Martin and its engine volume is 5 . 3 litres . Its assembly is located in Newport Pagnell . The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and was succeeded by The Aston Martin Virage .
1036 Ganymed has an epoch date of October 22nd 2004 . Its orbital period is 374976 seconds and has an apoapsis measurement of 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Ayam penyet is a dish popular in both Malaysia and Java . Best served hot , it contains mashed fried chicken and sambal .
An alternative name for the comic character Balder ( created by Stan Lee ) , is Balder Odinson .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , it was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
The alternative name for AMC Matador is VAM Classic and it is assembled in Thames , New Zealand . The AMC Matador is a Coupé and has an AMC straight - 6 engine .
Aaron Hunt belongs to Goslarer SC 08 and played for SV Werder Bremen , in the Bundesliga league . Viktor Skrypnyk manages SV Werder Breman .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is US Citta di Palermo which is managed by Guiseppe Iachini . He also played for Penarol and youth football at Central Espanol .
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon .
The manager of A . S . Roma is Luciano Spalletti .
Jeff Fisher is coach for the St . Louis Rams .
Agnes Kant worked as a Parliamentary group leader .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone in Turin and made by Abarth .
Tony Hall , the Baron Hall of Birkenhead , is a key person with the BBC .
Rolando Maran plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D .
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Harrietstown , N . Y .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , which is spoken in Great Britain , was published by Soho Press and is located in the U . S , where there are an ethnic group called The African Americans .
The footballer Abner was born on 30 May 1996 and plays for CD FAS and Coritiba Football Club .
Persea is the genus of the avocado which is an ingredient in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 34 metres above sea level , a runway length of 518 , and a 3rd runway surfaced with poaceae .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Stockport County F . C .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves Lahore and is located in Punjab , Pakistan . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs this airport whose runway is 3360 . 12 meters .
Bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and it ' s main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Akeem Priestley is in the Jackson Dolphins club .
A . s Gubbio 1910 ( Associazione Aportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . ) , with 5300 members , participated in the 2014 - 15 Leg Pro season .
Tamil is the language of Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Buzz Aldrin ' s birth name was Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr .
Central Denmark is served by Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup . Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Ramussen and Margrethe II .
Acta Matgematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Math . Hungar " and the ISSN number is 1588 - 2632 .
Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland . Dublin is led by the European Parliament .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by Montreal Locomotive Works , is 17068 . 8 mm long with a V12 engine .
Alan Frew is a solo singer and performer of rock music . Rock music has origins in blues music and folk music , and the music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The United Kingdom , ruled by Queen Elizabeth II , is where the Aston Martin V8 is assembled . The Aston Martin V8 , succeeded by Aston Martin Virage , is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Arem arem is a dish containing banana leaf . It comes from Javanese cuisine and originates from Indonesia .
Casey Ribicoff , is the wife of Abraham A . Ribicoff ( born in Connecticut ) , who , was the Governor of Connecticut .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio which is governed by the Cleveland City Council and the leader Frank G Jackson .
William Anders is the US Ambassador to Norway .
The United States includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is the location of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Anaheim , California has a UTC offset of - 7 and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and attending the Radboud Universtiy , Nijmegen .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , which is part of the Central Denmark region . Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark , where German is the language spoken .
Alfons Gorbach was succeeded by Josef Klaus , who studied at the University of Vienna .
The footballer Abner plays for the Brazilian national under 20 football team .
Banana is an ingredient in binignit .
Prince Edward Island is the birth place of Adam McQuaid .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician who uses her voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp to play jazz music . Funk is one of the derivatives of Jazz which is one of the elements contained in the musical genre of Afrobeat and has its stylistic origins in folk music .
Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences was established in 1928 .
The American submarine , NR - 1 ; has a beam of 3 . 8 metres , a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
Tim Brooke - Taylor was born in Derbyshire .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asunción , part of Gran Asunción , and died in Paraguay .
The United States Army , whose members have included Alfred N . Phillip , took part in the Invasion of Grenada .
The location of Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 is New York City . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the Reference Number 80002709 .
Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of Parana .
A Canadian , James Craig Watson , discovered 103 Hera . He studied at the University of Michigan and died of peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
Led by the Democratic Party of the U . S . ( headquartered in Washington D . C . ) , Anderson is part of Union Township , Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of The Alan B Miller Hall , which is located in Virginia which is in the United States .
Aaron Deer is from Indiana .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak , was succeeded by Adenan Satem , who was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy where the capital is Rome . Fiat Croma , similar to the Alfa Romeo 164 , is related to the Opel Vectra . .
The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester which is the birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie is an American and along with Gene Colan created Ben ( Benjamin ) Urich .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba , Romania .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada in 1986 and his height is 1 . 9558m .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and his alma mater is the Radboud University Nijmegen . He resided in the Netherlands and held office in the Socialist Party there .
Operated by ENAIRE , and located in Madrid , Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level . The airport has the runway name 14L / 32R and the runway length of 3500 .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia , in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The inhabitants of the country are known as Americans , and the leader is called the President of the United States .
Bakso is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries and its ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
The Nigerian Air Force used the Aermacchi MB - 339 as a trainer aircraft .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is at U . S . Route 83 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 22 , 1988 .
Antwerp International Airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
Cleveland born Albert B White , who was married to Agnes Ward White , began his career on March 4th 1901 and ended it on March 4th 1905 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka . It is associated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is trance music .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members .
The Alvis Speed 25 ' s transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
Alessio Romagnoli used to play for the Italian national under - 19 football team and U . C . Sampdoria .
Farrar , Straus and Giroux publish A Severed Wasp .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , Ahmedabad near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
The runway length at Al Asad airbase is 3090 . 0 .
The Atlas II is from the US where the people are called Americans . Asian Americans are part of the ethnic groups in that country .
The location of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California .
Adam Holloway , a national of the United Kingdom , is a member of the Tories .
Born in Kent , Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005 and worked as a Member of parliament . Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards , in the military and his Alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge .
200 Public Square in Cleveland , Ohio was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors and measures 111464 square meters .
Born in Dothan , Alabama , Allen Forrest , has a background as a solo singer . The musical genre of Allen Forrest is hip hop music .
Alan Martin plays football for Hamilton Academical FC that is in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire . He also played with the Accrington Stanley F . C .
Austrian born Alfons Gorbach speaks Austrian German which is the language of Austria .
The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on April 21st , 2013 and its final flight was on the 28th October 2014 . Its launch site was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The diameter of the Antares rocket is 3 . 9 metres and it was built by Orbital ATK .
Albany , Oregon in the United States , is part of Linn County . English is spoken in the country which is home to Africans Americans and has Washingotn , D . C . as its capital .
Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham .
The Monocacy National Battlefield is found in Frederick County , Maryland . The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th , 1907 and can be found in the Monocacy National Battlefield . The monument is part of the category of Historic districts in the United States .
Anaheim is part of California , where Spanish is spoken .
Elliot see was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin , which is a part of the U of Texas system and part of the big 12 conference . He worked as a test pilot , and died in St . Louis .
The manager of A . C . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland , in the municipality of Meride . Johann Scneider Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns . Burns is an exponent of house music .
1971 is one of the model years of the Australian assembled , AMC Matador which is a related to the AMC Ambassador in that they are similar means of transportation .
Alpharetta is in Fulton Country , Georgia , US where Native Americans are an ethnic group . Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County .
Lahore , Pakistan is led by Nawaz Sharif and is served by the Allama Iqbal International Airport .
The Honda J engine was manufactured by Honda .
The Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is in the United States .
Aleksandre Guruli has represented the clubs FC Dila Gori and FC Karpaty Lviv .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which has Cape Town as its capital . Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa with Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma as its leaders .
Rhythm and blues musician Allen Forrest is a soloist . Disco came from R & B .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba and the operating organization is Infraero . The airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais which is part of the south region of Brazil .
Abilene , Texas is located within the United States .
one of the ethnic groups of the Philippines is the Zamboangans .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine , a 3 - speed automatic transmission and is also known as the Dodge Custom Royal .
The Acura TLX is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant . It has a V6 engine , front wheel drive and is a luxury vehicle .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States . The main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat International Airport in Turkmenistan .
Alan Frew was born in the United Kingdom and comes from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada . He is a musician who has a background as a solo singer .
Ícolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province .
Scotland is the birthplace of Alan Frew .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore . This airport is in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
103 Colmore Row was designed by Birmingham born architect John Madin . The British politician Khalid Mahmood is a leader in the city an the postcode is the letter B .
Antioch is located in California and led by the United States House of Representative . It forms part of Contra Costa County and uses the English language which is spoken throughout California .
The government type in Aarhus , Denmark is that of magistrate and the city is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University . The leader of Denmark , with the title of Monarchy of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Born in Greene Maine , Aaron S . Daggett , fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Anaheim , California covers an area of 131 . 6 square kilometers and its area code is 657 .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dila Gori .
AWH Engineering College ( India ) has 250 academic staff and was established in 2001 . India ' s largest city is Mumbai .
Alessio Romagnoli is in the club Italy national under 17 ' s coached by Alessandro Dal Canto , and has also played for the Italian national under - 19 football team .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Athens and they have 69618 members . They play in the Superleague of Greece of which Olympiacos FC are previous champions .
Newark is the largest city in New Jersey , the same state Atlantic city is a part of . New Jersey is in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and where the capital is , Washington D . C .
Dane Whitman , from the Black Knight was created by John Buscema and Roy Thomas .
Alfons Gorbach dies in Graz , Austria , a country led by Doris Bures .
The country of Indonesia commonly serves Arem - arem , its leader is Jusuf Kalla and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah .
Andrew Rayel plays a string instrument .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) has the CODEN code ATISET . It has the ISSN number of 1046 - 8188 and LCCN number 89646863 .
Anders Osborne is associated with both the musical artist Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Taylor county and also Jones county , Texas , USA . The airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
1089 Tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
The AIDAluna has a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Abner plays for the Coritiba Football Club .
Alan Bean , born Mar 15 , 1932 . in Wheeler , Texas . was an American test pilot . He has since retired .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established 1996 . The leader of the country is the Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India and it was established in 2001 . The Ganges is a river in India and Mumbai is its largest city . The leader of Kerala is Kochi .
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and is located in Ícolo e Bengo . It has a runway called South Runway and has a runway length of 4000ft .
Ab Klink is from the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader .
The Aston Martin V8 convertible holds 5 . 3 litres and is built in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom . The Aston Martin V8 , Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 are all related means of transport .
Amarillo Texas is part of Randall County , Texas , U . S .
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia ( formerly known as 1923 0AA907 XC ) is on 31 July 2016 . It has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days and a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover , ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 , OCLC number 7877110 .
Springer Science & Business Media is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg .
Alan Martin is a footballer with the Scotland national under - 19 football team club and also plays for Clyde FC who are based at the Broadwood Stadium .
New York City is in the United States .
St . Louis is part of the Kingdom of France .
Alessio Romagnoli has played for A . S . Roma and A . C . Milan , where he was a defender . A . C . Milan play in Serie A and their manager is Siniša Mihajlović .
The owner of Antwerp International Airport is the Flemish Region and the operating organisation is the Flemish government .
Allen Forrest is an acoustic solo singer .
Texas is the home of Houston Texans .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz , plays for FC Terek Grozny . Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which , is based at Grozny .
Akeem Ayers once played for the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy .
The Guiana Space Centre has its headquarters in French Guiana .
Frank de Boer , played for Al - Shamal Sports Club and is the managerof AFC Ajax .
Abner ( a footballer ) was born in Londrina .
Ajoblanco , which contains olive oil , is a food found in Andalusia .
Mayor , is the title for the leader of Antioch , in California .
Eric Flint wrote the book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . It is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York , and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Dave Challinor played for Stockport County F . C .
The builder of the A - Rosa is Neptun Werft which is located in Rostock , Germany where the leader is Norbert Lammert .
Aaron Deer is a performer of the music genre Indie rock and he plays the guitar .
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory .
101 Helena has a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 Kilometers , and its epoch is on 2006 - 12 - 31 .
Pietro Grasso leads Italy whose capital is Rome . The language there is Italian and its people are known as Italians . A . C . Lumezzane play in that country .
They speak Spanish in Argentina , the country which is led by Gabriela Michetti and where Alberto Teisaire was from . Alberto Teisaire ' s place of death was Buenos Aires , which is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature .
Asser Levy Public Baths constructed in 1904 is located in Manhattan . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23 , 1980 .
Yuzhnoye Design Office produced the Antares rocket which is 3 . 9 m in diameter and launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The rocket had its first voyage on April 21 , 2013 and its last trip on July 13 , 2014 .
E . Wells discovered 107 Camilla which has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and its epoch date was on 31 December 2006 . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kms .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architects of 3XN and is owned by Bella Center .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and can be served either warm or cold . The main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza in Agentina , is a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Perón was president .
The ALV X - 1 comes from the U . S . where Asian Americans are one ethnic group and where English is spoken . Washington D . C . is its capital city and The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem .
Indie rock genre has guitars in it .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is a Monocotyledon and belongs to the Poales order .
Andrews County Airport is found in Texas which is part of the U . S . A . and has Austin as its capital . English is spoken in the state and its people are known as Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas ( United States ) where the inhabitants have the demonym Texan .
William Anders , a United States citizen , was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman .
Walter Baade , born in the German Empire , studied at the University of Gottingen and discovered Gaymed in 1036 . His doctoral student was Halton Arp .
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore .
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC , the organisation founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reith . The BBC is based in London and also produces BBC radio .
Airey Neave ; began his career on March 4th 1974 , fought in World War II , ended his career on 30th March 1979 and died at Westminster Hospital , London .
Austin , Texas is part of Travis County and also Williamson County where the largest city is Round Rock .
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F . C .
The Acharya Institute of Technology established in India in 2000 is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County Michigan and serves Alpena . The airport is situated 210 metres above sea level and has a 1 , 533km long runway .
The musical genre of Aaron Turner is Doom metal and he played with the band Twilight .
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league and has 27250 members .
The builder of the A - Rosa is Neptun Werft located in the German city of Rostock . One of the leaders in the country is Norbert Lammert .
Alison O ' Donnell was once signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records and the London based Deram Records . Her genre is Psychedelic folk .
Abel Hernández ' s club is Central Español .
The runway length at Adirondack Regional Airport is 1219 . 0 .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Harbour View F . C and he is also in the Jackson Dolphins Club , having formerly played for the Connecticut Huskies youth club .
Michele Marcolini manages the A . C . Lumezzane , he played for F . C . Bari 1908 .
Batagor contains peanut sauce and is found in the country of Indonesia . Shumai and Siomay are variations on the dish .
Alex Tyus was born on 8th January 1988 and played for Maccabi Tel Aviv B . C .
AIDA Cruises ( located in Germany ) is the owner of the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
James Craig Watson , discoverer of 103 Hera , died from peritonitis . His Alma mater had been the University of Michigan .
Curitiba is part of Parana state .
The AMC Matador was assembled in Mexico in 1971 .
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 .
Albert B White was born on 22 September 1856 and died on 3 July 1941 in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
The location of the campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka , India is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . " The Institute , which has 700 postgraduate students , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and the Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar .
Magdalene College Cambridge alum and Grenadier Guards veteran Adam Holloway was born 05 / 05 / 2005 in Faversham , Kent , England . He is a member of the Gravesham Prliament .
Amatriciana is a popular sauce from Lazio , Italy . It includes Pecorino Romano cheese along with tomatoes , guanciale and olive oil .
Arlington is in Tarrant County , where the largest city is Fort Worth . Tarrant County is in Texas ( capital , Austin ) , in the United States .
The Atlas II launch site was the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan . The state is part of the United States .
The city of Antioch is located within California .
Alan Shepard was born on the 18th November 1923 in New Hampshire . He was a member of the crew of Apollo 14 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He retired on the 1st August 1974 and died in California .
Stellendam was the birthplace of Ab Klink ; who belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party , worked as a Member of the House of Representatives , and has Erasmus University in Rotterdam for an alma mater .
Al Anderson from NRBQ band started his career in 1966 and performs country music . Al Anderson ( of the band NRBQ ) played once with The Wildweeds .
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors , where Roy D . Chapin Jr . is a key person .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Clyde FC club .
Andrews , Texas is the largest city in Andrews County , Texas .
Andrews County Airport is located in Houston , Texas , United States . Houston is the largest city in Texas in which Spanish is the official language .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States , which is home to Albany , a city in Oregon . Within the US there is an ethic group called African Americans .
Baked Alaska is from New York region and the country of France , which leaders are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher and the national language is French .
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan , where the Asser Levy Public Baths can be found .
Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis leads Romania which has Bucharest as its capital city and is home to the ethnic group of the Germans of Romania . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in the city of Alba Iulia in Alba County .
Born on 22nd September 1856 , Albert B White , died on the 3rd July 1941 .
Abrahm A . Ribicoff died in New York City , New York , U . S . and he was born in Connecticut .
A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , a part of Sri Lanka .
Adisham Hall is located on St . Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka .
Rhythm and blues non performing artist Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States . R & B originates from the blues and lends itself to Disco .
Elliot See was a student at University of Texas Austin , which is affiliated to the University of Texas system , and which will compete in the Big 12 conference .
The AIDAluna , 252000 . 0 millimetres long , had her first voyage on March 22 , 2009 .
Binignit is a dessert dish from the Mindanao region of the Philippines and the ingredients include banana and sago .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co . who make the 3 . 5 litre engine capacity Acura TLX .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group and where the city of Atlanta is located .
Asam pedas id a dish from Sumatra and found in Malaysia . The Malay and Malaysian Chinese are from Malaysia , which has the capital of Putrajaya .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala and has a staff of 250 .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States . The airport ' s owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority headed by Stephen Dilts .
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 days and its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 . Additionally , 101 Helena , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
Buzz Aldrin was an American - born fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 , and was hired by NASA that same year . He was was a member of the Apollo 11 crew who spent a total of 52 minutes in space .
Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns ( House guitrist ) , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , which capital is Washington , D . C . and Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups . The book is written in the English language . that is spoken as well in Great Britain .
Albany , Oregon is in the United States , where the capital in Washington D . C . In this English speaking country , one of the ethnic groups , is Native Americans .
Gus Poyet is manager of AEK Athens FC and his club is Real Zaragoza .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F . C . which plays in Palo Seco Velodrome . He plays for Ferencvarosi TC , the chairman of which is , Gabor Kubatov .
Ayam penyet , which has fried chicken in it , is a popular dish in Malaysia and Java . The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
Abner W . successor was Marjorie Farmer .
13 January 2016 , is the epoch of 1097 Vicia , which weighs 9 . 8 kgs , and has the orbital period of , 135589000 . 0 .
Buzz Aldrin retired on July 1 , 1971 .
Richard A . Teague designed the AMC Matador .
The apoapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is 6603633000 . 0 km and its average speed is 4 . 56 km / s .
Alan Bean is originally from Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . Alan Bean joined NASA in 1963 as a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
The building of 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas . He attend the U of T at Austin , which is part of the U of T system and the big 12 conference . Their mascot is named Hook ' em and the president of the school is Gregory L . Fenves .
The novel Annie Dunne is followed by A Long Long Way .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , was built in Helsinki , Finalnd . Sami speaking Finland , home to the Finns , is led by Juha Sipila .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is one of the leaders . Native Americans are an ethnic group there and the capital is Washington , D . C .
Auburn is part of Washington state .
The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family and is of the order Laurales . It is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa , which originates in the Paisa region .
AIDAluna is powered by U . S located Caterpillar Inc . The company Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in California and its key person is Douglas R . Oberhelman .
Akeem Priestley plays for Orange County Blues FC .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denamrk has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees among its academic staff . It ' s affiliated with the European University Association .
AIP Advances was published by American Institute of Physics .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Pennsylvania .
The ship Aidastella was laid down on 2008 - 12 - 17 .
The llocano people and the Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine English is the language spoken . Batchoy comes from this country .
Athens is a city in Greece .
The languages of Finland are Sami languages .
The English language is spoken in Alderney which is served by Alderney airport .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont where the largest city is Burlington . He was a member of the United States Whig Party led by Henry Clay and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District .
Erasmus University Rotterdam ( MBA Association ) , is the alma mater of House of Representatives member , Ab Klink .
St Vincent - St Mary High School in Akron , Summit County , Ohio , USA is the location for the home ground of Akron Summit Assault .
Juan Peron was a member of the the Argentinian Labour Party . Juan Peron was President whilst Alberto Teisaire was in office .
The Audi A1 was manufactured by , Audi , a company which was founded by August Horch . Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi .
Greeks inhabit Greece .
The Igorot people and the Chinese Filipinos are both ethnic groups in the Philippines where the spoken language is Spanish . The country is the origin of the dish known as Batchoy .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita .
Aaron Turner played for Old Man Gloom and the band Twilight .
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A . F . C .
Elliot See graduated for the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference . He was born in Dallas and died in St . Louis on February 28 , 1966 .
Alberto Teisaire ' s party is Justicialist Party .
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 877 . 0 .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , a periapsis measurement of 349206000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 kms .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County in Ohio , United States where the local leader is Frank G Jackson and the governing body is Cleveland City Council .
Influenced by Robert A . Heinlein , Eric Flint ( born Burbank , CA ) is the author of 1634 : The Galileo Affair and its sequel 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Aarhus airport , with a runway name of 10R / 28L , and a length of 2777 . 0 . is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S .
the novel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is followed by Ring of Fire II .
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument in Izmir is the 27th of July , 1932 .
Juventus F . C . are former champions of Serie A . AS Roma also play in the same league , their ground is in Rome , Italy .
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot .
The AidAluna was christened on the 4th of April , 2009 . It is 252 metres long and has a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
The elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of Agra Airport is 167 . 94 .
Dane Whitman from the Black Knight was created by John Buscema .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000 .
Alan Frew ' s origins are from Canada and background is that of solo singer .
Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music for the Suburban Legends band and the band Kids Imagine Nation . He has a background with a non vocal instrument .
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , part of Taylor County in Texas , United States and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon , which is home to the largest city of Corvallis .
Englishman N R Pogson discovered 107 Camilla .
The European Space Agency made the Ariane 5 which first launched on March 2 , 2004 from the Guiana Space Centre . Dec . 18 , 2009 was the last trip for the Ariane 5 .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . It is 23 metres above sea level . The runway , 13 / 31 , is 1873 long .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in English , the national language of Great Britain .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born and died in Moscow , Russia . A leader in Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin .
American Civil War Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . The American Civil War included Commander Abraham Lincoln .
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham and designed 103 Colmore Row which was completed in 1976 .
The Jacksonville Dolphins baseball field is the John Sessions stadium .
The serving icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Arctech Kelsinki Shipyard in Helsinki .
103 Colmore Row with 23 floors , is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Spanish is Spoken . The population are known as Spaniards .
The Delta II , which originates from the United States , was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at the Vandenberg Air Force Base . The rocket Antares , built by Orbital ATK , is comparable to Delta II .
" A Glastonbury Romance " was followed by " Weymouth Sands " written by John Cowper Powys .
The city , Appleton , Wisconsin is part of little chute , Wisconsin , and is served by Appleton International Airport .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft in Germany . Costa Crociere is the owner of the AIDAstella and they ' re operated by AIDA Cruises .
Alfred Garth Jones dies in London which is led by the UK Parliament .
The Al Taqaddum air base serves Fallujah . The runway length is 3684 .
Akeem Dent was born on the 27th September 1987 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd July 1927 . He was an American test pilot who died in St . Louis .
The Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences is affiliated with the European University Association .
The founder of 107 Camilla , which had an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 , was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai .
Located in New York , Cornell University , the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly , is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and Association of American Universities .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It has 600 students .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 and made his debut for the Tennessee Titans . A linebacker , his former team is the St Louis Rams .
AS Roma , who have a ground in Rome , play in Serie A alongside Juventus FC who are former champions .
The character of Ben Urich , whose full name is Benjamin Urich , was created by Gene Colan and the comic book writer Roger Mckenzie who is American .
Aleksander Barkov Jr , a centre for the Florida Panthers , was born 1995 in Tampere , Finland .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who originated from Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan .
Ab Klink , born in Stellendam , attended Leiden University .
AFC Blackpool play in the North West Counties Football League .
The leader of Germany is Angela Merkel .
The US is home to Native Americans and is the origin place of A Fortress of Grey Ice . Washington , D . C . is the capital .
Albert B . White married Agnes Ward White . He began his career 03 / 04 / 1901 and retired 03 / 04 / 1905 , he was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson . .
The Atlas II originates from the United States where the leader is known as the President and the English language is spoken . The capital of the country is Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
The Akita Museum of Art is found in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan where the leader is Taro Aso and one of the ethnic groups are the Brazilians .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published in the United States .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , United States and Native Americans are an ethnic group within the country .
Footballer , Alan Martin was born on January 1st 1989 .
Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes is located in London .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh .
Alex Day performs folk music .
The Alhambra is owned by P & O and is powered by an engine from the London company Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes .
Albert Jennings Fountain , who was born in New York and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico , fought in the American Civil War when the commander was Abraham Lincoln .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the leader of which is Alexis Tsipras . Another leader is Prokopis Pavloopoulos . In Greece , the currency is the euro and the language is Greek .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is located in Madrid has a runway name of 14L / 32R which has a length of 4349 . 0 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , in Pennsylvania , falls under the category of Contributing property .
Franklin D . Roosevelt was a commander during WWII in which Abner W Sibal fought for the US Army .
France is led by Cluade Bartolone and Gerard Larcher . A type of cake in France are Barny cakes which were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago .
The United States Air Force , who operated Al Asad airbase , deploy the aircraft fighter known as General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon .
Made in Germany by Neptun Werft Warnemunde , and weighing 1850 tons , is a craft called the A - Rosa Luna . It is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and has 24 as its top speed .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Spanish born Abel Caballero was the Mayor of Vigo .
Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music , which has its origins in House music . He has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Association Football Club Fylde ( abbreviated to A . F . C . Fylde ) has 3180 members and are based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire .
Located in Paracuellos de Jarama , theAdolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway length of 4349 . 0 .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain and from Andalusia . Its main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Discovered by C . Woods , 107 Camilla ; has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 km , and its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport , .
Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War and the Battle of Gettysburg was part of that conflict . Alfred Moore Scales was in the Battle of Gettysburg .
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , is available in print form . Its OCLC number is 33318875313 and ISBN number is 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
101 Helena has an orbit of 1516 . 6700000000003 days and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres . The epoch date is 31 December 2006 and it has a mass of 3 kgs .
The power type of the AIDAluna is the engine by Caterpillar Inc . which is located in Illinois .
The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and lived in Kuching . He belonged to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub was his successor .
The Alan B . Miller Hall is owned by The College of William and Mary in Virginia .
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . With an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , 1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 445895000000 .
Born in England , Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London . Boris Johnson and the European Parliament are the leaders of London .
Marriott International , which was founded in Washington DC , is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark . The Prime Minister of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and Faroese is one of the languages spoken .
Ace Wilder has a background as a solo singer and his recording label is EMI Records .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
The mass of 1099 Figneria is 2 . 7 kg and its apoapsis is 605718000 . 0 kilometres .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada on October 12th 1986 . He is 1 . 9558m tall .
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry .
Governor of West Virginia Albert B . White began his career 03 / 04 / 1901 and retired 03 / 04 / 1905 , he was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson and married to Agnes Ward White .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America where English is spoken and the capital is Washington , D . C . Akron is in Summit County , Ohio which is part of the United States .
Ace Wilder was born in 1982 , in Sweden . With a solo singing background , his occupation is singing .
The Aids Journal is part of the academic discipline HIV . The discipline studies the field of HIV / AIDS . Looking at such things as HIV virus being part of the family of orthoretrovirinae pr belonging to the genus Lentivirus .
Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California .
Austin , Texas is located within the country of the United States where there are Americans .
The American submarine NR - 1 was launched in January 25th 1969 , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h , and a 3 . 8m ship beam .
Alex Day ' s background is that of solo singer .
Aaron Hunt plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II .
The Bacon Explosion is from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington D . C .
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italy national under - 16 football team .
John van den Brom , who managed AZ Alkmaar , plays for Vitesse Arnhem .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F . C . club and plays for the Ferencvarosi TC that is managed by Mr . Akeem Adams . The chairman of the Ferencvarosi TC is Gabor Kubatov .
Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " Addiction " . It has the LCCN number 93645978 and the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 .
Former Flibbertigibbet band member , Alison O ' Donnell , is an artist for the band Mellow Candle , who began her active years in 1963 . The label Floating World Records signed Alison O ' Donnell whose genre is folk music .
107 Camilla which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and was discovered by E Wells , has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . It ' s periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kms and the apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 kms .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom .
103 Colmore Row , Birmingham ( postcode area ' B ' ) , was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in the city . Birmingham ' s governing body is Birmingham City Council , which is led by the Labour Party .
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and Singapore . Halimah Yacob is a leader of Standard Chinese speaking Singapore .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Amarillo , Texas is located .
Austin is in Hays County and part of Williamson County in Texas . Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County . The county seat in Hays County is San Marcos .
Aaron Turner plays post - metal electric guitar .
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines , where Zamboangans are an ethnic group , and Batchoy is a dish eaten there .
The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester , England .
Big Hero 6 , distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , starred Ryan Potter and was Baymax ' s first film appearance .
Aaron Turner is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band and he played for Old Man Gloom .
240 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York , where Byron Brown is the leader .
Vegatables are an ingredient in bhajji which comes from India .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . one of the nationals of which , was Abraham A . Ribicoff . He , was born in the United States , was married to Ruth Ribicoff and died in New York City .
Originating from the Derbyshire Dales , Bakewell pudding can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . The main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
The novel A Long Long Way , followed by The Secret Scripture , was published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House .
The Indonesian dish Arem arem contains compressed rice in a banana leaf with vegetables or minced beef .
Indonesia is made up of many places including Malaysia and Singapore . Another place is called Java with an ethnic group called the Javanese . A Javan food is ayam penyet which is made of fried chicken .
Alexandria , Indiana is located at 265 . 0 above sea level .
The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ISSN number is 1865 - 8784 .
Sheldon Moldoff , creator of the Black Pirate , has won the Inkpot Award .
James Craig Watson was a canadian who discovered the 103 Hera which has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 . His Alma mater is the University of Michigan and he died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is to be found in Romania which is the home of the ethnic group of Germans of Romania . The leader of the country , where the capital is Bucharest , is Klaus Iohannis . The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al and has the ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Alaa Abdul Zahra is a member of AL Kharaitiyat SC ( Al Khor ) which is in the Qatar Stars League and is managed by Amar Osim . Mr . Zahra is a member of the Al - Khor Sports Club .
A variation of Bakewell pudding , Bakewell tart ( uses shortcrust pastry ) comes from the Deryshire Dales region ( in Deryshire ) , where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader .
Auburn , Alabama can be found in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
1634 The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
The fullname of A . S . Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . and their home ground is in Rome , Italy . They have 70634 members and played in the 2014 season .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin . Appleton is part of Kimberly WI and Greenville is part of Dale , Wisconsin , USA .
The hometown of Joh Madin is Birmingham .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico ( where Navajo is a language ) , in the United States . This country , where the leader is the president , is led by Barack Obama .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and he died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
The Ampara Hospital is situated in the region of Ampara District , in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is a key leader .
English is spoken in Great Britain and A Loyal Character Dancer is written in it . A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
The total area for Anaheim California is 131 . 6 square kilometres .
The United States of America include the ethnic group of Native Americans and is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Angola and its runway length is 3800 .
Sauli Niinistö is the leader of Finland .
Juan Peron served in office at the same time that Hortensio Quijano was Governor .
There are 388 pages in the book " A Severed Wasp " which was published in hardback .
Although found in Indonesia , Beef kway teow is found in and originates from Singapore . Two of the leaders in this country , where Standard Chinese is spoke , are Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan .
The 1955 Dodge , has an engine size of 230 cubic inches and a hardtop .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician who plays the bass guitar .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake , New York .
Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who , died in Charleston , West Virginia .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument established in 2000 is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore . Beef Kway Teow is also from Singapore and Indonesia .
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport . It made its maiden flight on 9 January 2014 and the final flight on 13 July 2014 .
Batagor ( which is a variation of Sioay ) and shumai are variations on the same dish .
The United States is the location of Amarillo , Texas and includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans .
The full name of the A . F . C . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde " they are based at Bryning Lane and have 3180 members .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States whose leader is Paul Ryan .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra belongs to Shabab Al - Ordon Club and plays for Al - Khor Sports Club .
The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere .
Taro is an ingredient in binignit along with the main ingredient of Sweet potato which belongs to the Solanales order of plants .
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin .
AFC Blackpool ( the grounds of which are in Blackpool ) , play in the North West Counties Football League .
Massimo Drago plays for U . S Castrovillari Calcio ; he has been the manager of A C Cesena and is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 .
John van den Brom plays for Istanbulspor A . S .
Elliot See ( born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas and die on February 28 , 1966 in St Louis ) was an American who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by the book Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones written by Brandon Sanderson .
The Mason School of Business is currently located in the Alan B . Miller Hall , owned by the College of William and Mary . Alan B . Miller is located in Virginia , in the United States of America .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in the state of Tyrol . He died in Austria which is led by Doris Bures and uses the Austrian german language .
The ship Alhambra was launched on the 31st May 1855 .
Buzz Aldrin , a United States national , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 / 01 / 1930 . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D . , then served as a Fighter pilot and later was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . Buzz Aldrin is now retired .
Adare Manor was completed in 1862 , opened in 1700 and was designed by James Pain and George Richard Pain .
The Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8 which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York . He died on 1 February 1896 in Dona Ana County , New Mexico Territory .
Alan Shepherd was born in New Hampshire , awarded the American Defense Service Ribbon , and was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Most of Atlanta in the United States is in DeKalb County , Georgia where the largest city is Dunwoody . However , it is also part of Fulton County , also in Georgia .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Albany , Oregon .
Angola , Indiana is in the U . S where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ( manufactured in Milan ) , Lancia Thema and the Fiat Croma are related means of transportation .
Alex Tyus plays for the Euroleague club Anadolu Efes SK .
The celestial body known as ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a maximum temperature of 500 kelvins .
Amdavad ni Gufa , completed in 1995 , is located in Ahmedabad , India .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County Illinois , with Rahm Emanuel being the leader of Chicago .
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague .
In the United States one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Ajoblanco is in Spain where they speak Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI .
Born Jan 8 , 1988 , Alex Tyus became active and drafted in 2011 for the Florida Gators in College football .
Asterix the comic character whose alternative name is Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , United States . English is the language spoken in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C .
Aleksandr Prydnikov , who plays for FC Dynamo Moscow , is in the FC Terek Grozny club . The club is based in Grozny and is managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar is the director of the Acharya Institute of Technology .
AD Isidro Metapan ' s ground is in Metapan and they have 10000 members . Their full name is " Asociación Deportiva " and they are managed by Jorge Humberto Rodriguez .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , one of the ethnic groups there is the Igorot people .
John van den Brom has managed AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eehoorn . He also plays for both AFC Ajax and De Graafschap .
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a third runway made of poaceas and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand . It ' s runway length is 597 is named 03L / 21R and the facility is 34 metres above sea level .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door model with a straight - four engine and a 2160 mm wheelbase .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and it has 600 students . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . The anthem of Switzerland is the Swiss Psalm .
Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States and sandesh is a dessert . Native Americans in the U . S . are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
A Cookie is a dessert along with Binignit which contains the ingredient of coconut milk .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is in the United States and the leader there is the Albuquerque City Council under Richard J . Berry .
Al Kharaitiyat is located in Al Khor .
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas where the largest city is Andrews .
Asilomar Conference Grounds which was constructed in 1913 in the architectural style of American Craftsman is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
The total population of Antioch , California is 102372 .
The DeSoto Custom , manufactured by DeSoto , was succeeded by the DeSoto Firedome . Its is relative to the Dodge Coronet and the 1955 Dodge .
546m above sea level , the length of the 1st runway at Abilene Regional airport is 3678 feet .
Albany is a city in Oregon in the United States . Salem is the capital of that state . The U . S . has one ethnic group called Native Americans .
The former name of 1099 Figneria is 1928 RQ .
In the year 2000 the Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka , India . The current campus address is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . " The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Alex Day , a native of the UK , started his Synthpop musical performing in 2006 , with Chameleon Circuit Band . One of his musical associates is Charlie McDonnell .
The AIDAluna has a ship beam of 32 . 2 and is 252 metres long and is powered by Caterpillar Inc . AIDAluna service was started on the 22nd of March , 2009 .
Andra became active in the year 2000 and was a singer of rhythm and blues music . That music genre and funk music both originated from blues .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . The institute ' s director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and their motto is " Nurturing Excellence . " It is also affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from Rome .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 , an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kms and a mass of 7 . 5 kg . It ' s escape velocity is 0 . 0473 km per sec and the orbital period is 139705000 . 0 .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA - 3 , operated by Arianespace .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft which is located in Rostock , in Germany . Berlin is the capital of Germany where Germans is the demonym for people who live there .
Cornell University , affiliated with the Association of American Universities , publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly . It ' s president is Elizabeth Garrett and it is located in Ithaca , NY .
1000 Piazzia has the mass of 1 . 1 kilograms .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( Acta Math . Hungar ) has the ISSN number of " 1588 - 2632 " and the LCCN number of 83646315 . The CODEN code for it is AMAHE9 .
Alvah Sabin , whose state is Vermont , represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . Vermont ' s largest city is Burlington , Vermont .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . A Wizard of Mars is published in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey which has the capital city of Ankara . The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot . The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . Alan Shepard retired on the 1st of August , 1974 .
Ilocano people and Moro people are ethnic groups from the Philippines . Two of the languages used in the Philipines are Arabic and Philippine Spanish . One of the foods that is eaten in the Philippines is Batchoy .
Baked Alaska comes from the region of New York .
Marv Wolfwan won an award at the Academy of Comic Book Arts .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo Candombe singer associated with Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Pérez , who is signed with the record label Odeon Records .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone and the French language is spoken .
Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina and who was a member of the Justicialist Party , was in office while Juan Perón was president . Teisaire ' s successor was Isaac Rojas .
The 1955 Dodge had another name and was called the Dodge Custom Royal .
An icebreaker , the Aleksey Chirikov , has a length of 99 . 83 metres .
Buzz Aldrin ( aka Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr ) was born on January 20th , 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He served as a fighter pilot . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became part of the Apollo 11 crew . H is now retired .
The United States uses the English language and is the location of Abilene , part of Jones County , Texas .
Albany , Georgia , is in the United States .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English .
The academic discipline of Administrative Science Quarterly ( which can be abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . ) is Management . It has the LLCN number 57059226 .
Abilene is a part of Texas in the U . S . whose largest city in Texas is Houston . English is spoken in that state . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C .
Italian Amatriciana sauce of Lazio contains : olive oil , tomatoes , guanciale and cheese .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz and is signed to Osmosys Records . Alison is also signed to record label Kissing Spell Records .
Al - Amin Daggash was the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar who was in office at the same time as Vice President Mike Akhigbe .
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and part of the Apollo 11 flight crew .
Indianapolis is the state capital of Indiana , USA . Anderson is also located in Indiana , within Adams Township , Madison County .
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is situated in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property established in 2000 , and found at the Seminary Ridge in Pennsylvania .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons but previously played for the Houston Texans . The latter team are based in the city of Houston , play in Texas and are owned by Bob McNair .
Alexandria , Madison County , is in Indiana , USA , as is Indianapolis , the state capital .
Daniel Webster was a leader of the Whig Party in the United States .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kgs .
Banana is one of the main ingredients in the dish binignit which is an ingredient in taro , the dish is from the Philippines .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendriso , Switzerland was established in 1996 . It ' s dean is Mario Botta . Switzerland is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider Ammann .
The main ingredients in the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage , and it comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States .
Arros negre comes from Spain and the Valencian community . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria , formerly known as 1928 RQ , is 31 December 2006 . 1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 km / sec , an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , and a periapsis of 349206000000 . 0 .
Batchoy is a soup eaten in the Philippines . The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
The ship AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises , who are located at Rostock .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 - former name " 1999 SN5 " - has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and its epoch date was on 13th January 2016 . Its periapsis is 41498400000 . 0 Gm and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 km / s .
Atlanta is located in the United States ( capital : Washington D . C . ) and African Americans are an ethnic group in the country .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae .
Originating from Pop music , Trance music is the genre Andrew Raydel uses . He has been associated with a number of musical artists , such as the follow : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi and John Digweed .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . That airbase has Lockheed AC - 130 missiles , Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon aircraft . The USAF fought in Operation Enduring Freedom battle .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was erected in the year 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property . Carroll County Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania .
Candombe singer soloist , Alfredo Zitarrosa , is signed with RCA Records and was born in Montevideo .
The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Asian Americans . The country is the location of Austin , Texas .
The dish batchoy is from the Philippines where English is spoken and the Chinese Filipino people are from .
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by James Madison Leach .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland Ohio 44114 .
107 Camilla has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 and was discovered by F Vilas . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kms and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kms .
Alberto Teisaire , a member of the Justicialist Party , worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
The Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 with a Romanesque Revival architectural style , is located in Manhattan . It was registered in the National Register of Historic Places on 23 / 4 / 1980 with number 80002709 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ( assembled in Arese ) , the Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma are similar means of transport as they are all cars .
English is the language of the United States the country where the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written .
Rhythm and blues musician and singer Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , 1981 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York where one of the languages spoken is Arabic . He fought in the American Civil War where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
BLT is a variation of club sandwich .
Ashgabat International Airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level .
Anaheim is part of California and led by the California State Assembly located at the California State Capitol . Chinese is a language spoken in California .
The ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 which has an epoch date of the 31st December 2006 has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
Italy where Italian is spoken is also where amatriciana sauce originated .
The AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and had her maiden voyage on 17 March 2013 .
The lemon belongs to the rutaceae family .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is at 610 metres above sea level and is located at Paracuellos de Jarama , Spain .
Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert , as is bionico , which is a dish that contains raisins .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , in Aarhus , Denmark , is affiliated with the European University Association . The school was created in 1928 and uses Universitas Aarhusiensis as its Latin name . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 737 employees .
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . The dish originates from the Jalisco region Of Mexico .
Atlanta is part of Georgia .
Alessio Romagnoli is in the club Italy national under 17 ' s .
The mean temperature of 410777 2099 FD is 258 . 0 kelvins .
Anderson is part of Union Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The author of the paperback book Aenir is Garth Nix .
Buzz Aldrin , who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science , has received 20 awards .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , affiliated to the university of Texas system .
Andrews County Airport is located in Andrews , Texas . The airport is located 973 meters above sea level and has a 1 . 773 km long runway .
Baymax was created by Steve T . Seagle .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico . Mexico ' s currency is the Peso and a leader in Mexico is Enrique Pena Nieto .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients . It can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC which is located in London .
Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Street .
Singapore dollar is the currency in Singapore .
1036 Ganymed , was discovered by Walter Baad , a University of Gottingen graduate , who had the doctoral student , Allan Sandage , and who died in Göttingen .
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is Trance , is associated with guitarist Christian Burns and the musician Jwaydan Moyine . He is also associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the Arianespace operated ELA - 3 which is at the Guiana Space Centre .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where Ankara is the capital , although the largest city is Istanbul . The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
101 Helena was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson . His alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died of peritonitis .
Brandon Sanderson , who was born in Lincoln , Nebraska , wrote " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians . " .
The Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbrv . Admin . Sci . Q , ISSN : 0001 - 8392 , LCCN : 57059226 ) comes under the academic discipline of Management .
Aarhus Airport , operated by Aarhus Lufthavan A / S , has a runway length of 2777 . 0 with a name of 10R / 28L .
The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport , Paracuellos de Jarama , is 4100 . 0 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , Hungary and died in Graz .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association .
Peter Stoger is in the SK Vorwarts Steyr club and is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club . He is currently a player in FC Admira Wacker Modling while being a manager at 1 . FC Koln .
Arlington in the United States is part of Texas which has the capital of Austin .
Andra is a singer of Dance - pop music .
A member of the Austrian People ' s Party , Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , in the state of Tyrol and died in Graz , in Styria .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Gran Asunción , Paraguay . The leader of Paraguay is called Juan Afara .
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and performed black metal music for House of Low Culture . A fusion of black metal music is called Death Metal .
Aaron Deer played the keyboard and performs psychedelia music .
Bionico is a food that contains raisins and is found in Mexico .
Daniel Gould Fowle suceeded Alfred Moore Scales , who was the Governor of North Carolina .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team coached by Alessandro Dal Canto .
Christian Panucci is in the A . S . Roma club , plays for the Italian national football team and manages A . S . Livorno Calcio .
Former Flibbertigibbet band folk musician Alison O ' Donnell began in 1963 and is associated with Head South By Weaving .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , which is led by Boris Johnson . London is led by the European Parliament .
The creator of Baymax is Steven T . Seagle .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza , Argentina , was the Provisional President of the Argentina Senate .
Uruguay international footballer Abel Hernández was a member of Peñarol ' s youth team and later played for Central Español .
James Craig Watson , a Canadian who attended the University of Michigan , was the discoverer of 103 Hera . The epoch of 103 Hera is on the 31st of July 2016 . Mr . Watson died in Madison , Wisconsin .
A Severed Wasp , available in print has the OCLC number 8805735 .
The musician Andrew White is a member of the band Kaiser Chiefs who is signed to the Fiction record label . He is associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is the Germany national under - 21 football team , his youth club was Goslarer SC 08 and he also played for SV Werder Bremen .
Elliot See , now deceased , was born in Dallas and became a test pilot . He studied at University of Texas in Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 conference .
Baked Alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cake . Sandesh is also a dessert .
French is a language spoken in New York .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , born in Connecticut , died in New York City , N . Y . , U . S .
A . S Roma has 70634 members and their ground is Stadio Olimpico .
House music artist Christian Burns , is associated with Andrew Rayel , who is associated with artist Jonathan Mendelsohn .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and is built by the American Locomotive Company .
Antioch , California is a part of Contra Costa County , California in the San Francisco Bay area . Spanish is a language spoken there . Antioch has a total area of 75 . 324 square km .
Agnes Kant worked at the Socialist Party in the Netherlands and is a national of the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas in the U . S . New York is the largest city in the U . S . and Washington , D . C . is it ' s capital . The language spoken in that country is English .
Angola , Indiana , is part of Steuben County , United States . Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
With a runway length of 1121 . 0 Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas . Abilene , Texas is part of Jones County , Texas in the United States .
The United States , home to Barack Obama and Native Americans , is also the origin place of A Fortress of Grey Ice .
1971 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador .
Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena .
Akeem Dent was born September 27 , 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia . He plays for the Houston Texans .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Austria .
Adrabad was born in Poland on November 12th 1978 .
The English novel Aenir , which has the ISBN number of " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 " , was followed by Above the Veil .
B Zellner discovered 107 Camilla , which has the epoch 31 December 2006 , and has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
The Purple finch is a bird found in New Hampshire .
Dave Challinor manages A . F . C . Fylde and plays at the Stockport County F . C .
Buzz Aldrin performed as a fighter pilot .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Austria and died in Styria .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer who began her musical career in 1990 . Her genre is rhythm and blues . She is in the same band as Kornelije Kovač and is also associated with fellow musical artist Kristina Kovač .
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 4100 . 0 .
Part of the Superleague of Greece , AEK Athens FC played the 2014 - 2015 season , in the Football League , in Greece . AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members , and their ground is in Athens .
Peter Stoger , manager for the FC Koln , was also a part of FC Admira Wacker Modling and Favoritner AC as well as the FK Austria Wien Soccer Club .
With a mass of 7 . 5kgs , 109 Felicitas , has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . This asteroid has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
Addis Ababa City Hall , a 42 m high , 140 , 000 - square meter facility which began construction in 1961 , is currently occupied by the government of Addis Ababa .
Albany is in the United States and is part of Benton county , Oregan .
Alan Shepard was born i New Hampshire on the 18th of November , 1923 . He graduated with a M . A . from NWC in 1957 , and became a test pilot . He passed away in California .
The Aston Martin V8 is built at Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom .
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia , United States and is a tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall .
Akeem Adams played football for the Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 team .
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan , Alabama , in 1981 . Originally a solo singer , Allen Forrest , plays acoustic music .
Al Anderson , a member of the band NRBQ , performs rock music which originated from country music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio and manages A . C . Cesena who are in the Serie B league . Carpi F . C . 1909 are previous Serie B championship winners .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands .
An ingredient of bandeja paisa is lemon . The lemon is classified in the order sapindales and belongs to the rutaceae family . Bandeja paisa is found in Colombia where you also find the Antioquia Department .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria , which has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , is 31 December 2006 .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas whose capital city is Austin . The state is located in the United States .
the AIDS ( journal ) belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS and was first published in 1987 . It has the ISSN number 0269 - 9370 .
Attica is a city in Logan Township which is a part of Fountain County in Indiana .
Abilene Regional Airpot is 546 metres above sea level and the length of the first runway is 3678 feet .
The Ataturk Monument , made of bronze , was designed by Pietro Canonica and is located in Izmir , Turkey where the currency is the Turkish Lira and the largest City is Istanbul ; the monument was inaugurated on July 27 , 1932 .
Aleksandra Kovač was born in 1972 .
Scott Adsit does the voice for Baymax .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom . Variations include the BLT ( which includes lettuce ) and the club sandwich .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was in office after Juan Carlos I of Spain succeeded Francisco Franco as monarch .
Robert E Lee was a commander in the American Civil War , during which the Battle of Salem Church occurred . Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church .
Amarillo is the county seat for Potter County , Texas .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Tractor Sazi FC .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff . It is affiliated to the European University Association and its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " .
Hok Sve designed the 3Arena completed in December 2008 and located at East Link Bridge .
Rock musician Anders Osborne , who began his career in 1989 is associated with the artists : Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars , Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso .
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church , a conflict in the American Civil War when Robert E . Lee was a commander .
The fried chicken dish ayam penyet is found nationwide in Java , where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group . The dish is also popular in Malaysia and Singapore .
Giovannie Bertone founded the Gruppo Bertone in Turin . They were the designer of the Abarth 1000GT Coupe manufactured by Abarth .
Anderson , is part of Fall Creek Township , in Madison County which is is Indiana , in the United States .
A Long Long Way , with 292 pages , was published in print & paperback . Its ISBN number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the native Americans . The country is the location of Albuquerque , New Mexico which is led by the United States House of Representatives .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , with a mean temperature of 265 kelvins and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days , has the epoch date 13th January 2016 . The periapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 measures 41498400000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon in the U . S . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S and English is its official language . The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States .
Aaron Hunt , who played youth football for Goslarer SC 08 , later played for Hamburger SV and SV Werder Bremen II .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow .
The singer Andra is a solo singer and her musical genre is dance pop .
The Acura TLX has a 2 . 4 litre engine and is manufactured by Honda .
AFC Ajax played in season 2014 .
Bionico contains raisins and can be varied by using cottage cheese , it is served at the dessert course .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works . It has a cylinder count of 12 , a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia which is where Asam pedas comes from . Asam pedas also comes from Sumatra where the ethnic groups Malays and Acehnese live .
Birmingham , which has the B postcode is led by Andrew Mitchell and is the hometown of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
The Antares rocket is made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and made its premier voyage on Jan . 9 , 2013 and its final flight was on the 28th October 2014 . The Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is its launch pad .
Beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia . Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore and Standard Chinese is spoken there .
Arlington , Tarrant County , is in Texas .
Aaron Turner started performing electroacoustic music in 1995 . He played for Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) which has 5000 members , is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " .
The Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines where binignit can be found . The dish is a dessert , as is cookies .
AIDAluna , is powered by Caterpillar Inc . and has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres . The christening date of the AIDAluna is 2009 - 04 - 04 .
Asam pedas is a dish that was created within Malay cuisine .
The creator of Bananaman is Steve Bright .
A . D . Isidro Metapán is located in Metapán , El Salvador . It has 10000 members .
The bacon sandwich has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin , one of its ingredients is Brown sauce and it comes from United Kingdom .
Abel Hernandez plays for U . S . Citta di Palermo of the Uruguay national football league .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) Is focused on Paleontology . Its ISSN number is " 0567 - 7920 " .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
The epoch date of 1099 Figneria was on 31 December 2006 and its escape velocity is 0 . 0155 k . / s . It has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and its periapsis is 349206000000 . 0 .
The EISSN number of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1080 .
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague and also for Anadolu Efes SK .
Arlington in Texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has an area of 258 . 2 Sq Km . Arlington , has the area of water of 82 . 8 sq km , and the population density of 1472 people per square kilometre . Arlington has the area codes , 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 .
Adam Koc was awarded the Virtuti Militari .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England and studied at Magdalene College , Cambridge .
Rock musician Alan Frew is from French speaking Canada . Rock originates from the Blues and lends itself to bhangra fusion music .
Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the fullname of A . S . Livorno Calcio .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the language is Indonesian and one of the local dishes is Bakso .
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus . The School is affiliated to the European University Association headquartered in Brussels .
The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made of Asphalt .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 , its periapsis is 3997100000000 . 0 and it was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory .
AS Roma has 70634 members and their grounds are in Rome .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London . The Greater London Authority govern the city , which is led by the Parliament .
Aarhus airport , which serves Aarhus in Denmark , is located 25 metres above sea level and is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation . The runway name at Aarhus Airport is " 10R / 28L " and is 2776 . 0 long .
The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University based in the United States and has an ISSN number of 0002 - 9327 .
Barny Cakes originated in France ( led by Manuel Valls ) .
The BBC which broadcasted Bananaman is located in London and the key person is Rona Fairchild .
Albert B . White ' s successor was William M . O . Dawson .
Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral by profession .
Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region , Colombia . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Christian Panucci plays at the A . S . Roma .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18 , 1923 , retired on August 1st , 1974 and died in California . He was graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M . A . and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by The United States Navy .
Andrews County Airport runway length is 8 . 0 .
The Filippino dish of binignit has sweet potatoes and taro as ingredients .
Al Anderson is a singer in the band NRBQ .
The solo singer Albennie Jones was born in the U . S . A . and is a performer of rhythm and blues which originated from the blues and from which Disco is a derivative .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) was selected by NASA in 1959 and passed away in California .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , US .
A variation of the BLT is a bacon sandwich ( which has condiments as one of the ingredients , ) from the United Kingdom . Other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
The 1955 Dodge , or " Dodge Suburban " , has a 3 - speed automatic transmission with a V8 engine .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Babelsberg 03 and has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig .
1097 Vicia , which has the epoch date of 13 January 2016 , was formerly known as 1928 PC . and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0122 km per sec . It ' s orbital period is 135589000 . 0 and the periapsis measurement is 279142000000 . 0 .
Montreal Locomotive Works is the builds of the ALCO RS - 3 which has a V12 engine .
The population density of Albany , Georgia , which is located 62 . 0 above sea level , is 535 . 0 inhabitants per sq km and it has a total area of 144 . 7 sq km .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan ' s capital , Baku . The monument is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , and constructed from red granite and white marble . Azerbaijan ' s leader , the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , is Artur Rasizade .
Akron , Ohio is part of the United States , where Washington , D . C . is the capital .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of the country .
Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music which is the musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac who is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol .
Al Anderson is part of NRBQ and once was part of The Wildweeds . NRBQ is a country music band .
The full name of AC Chievo Verona , which has 39371 members and plays in Verona , is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " .
Adam Holloway ' s Alma mater is Magdalene College , Cambridge .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens F . C . whose manager is Gus Poyet . He played for Chelsea F . C .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Yamandú Palacios .
Folk rock musician Alison O ' Donnell , once signed to Static Caravan Recordings , is now with Deram Records .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " The authors are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was put in print .
The AIDAluna is currently in service .
AFC Ajax ( amateur ) play as Sportpark De Toekomst , which is owned by AFC Ajax N . V , with Jong Ajax as the tenant .
Athens International Airport located in Spata , serves the city of Athens . Its runway length is 3 , 800 .
Philippine English is the language of the Philippines , where Batchoy comes from and where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died at the Battle of Baku was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The native name for the memorial which is located in the city of Baku is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . Turkey is led by Artur Rasizade and the National Assembly is the legislature within the country .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level at Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan in the USA .
The capital of Turkey is Ankara , although the largest city is Istanbul . The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is known as the Turkish lira . The Ataturk monument is located within the country .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States which is led by Barack Obama .
The language of Belgium is French .
Rhythm and blues originated from blues music .
Cleveland born Albert B . White , husband of Agnes Ward White , retired March 4 , 1905 .
Akeem Dent debuted on the Atlanta Falcons and used to play for the Houston Texans . The Texans are owned by Bob McNair and housed in Texas .
Elliot See is deceased and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , US and died in St Louis .
Angola International Airport ' s 1st runway has the number 5 .
Plantain is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Akeem Ayers ' s former team is the New England Patriots .
Jan Duursema won the Eisner Award and is the creator of the comic book character Arion along with Paul Kupperberg .
Alison O ' Donnell is associated with the band , The Owl Service .
Nikolai Chernykh discovered 11264 Claudiomaccone which has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres and an average speed of 18 . 29 km per sec .
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh .
Rock music stylistics originated from folk music .
Beef kway teow is a nationwide dish in Indonesia and , Tony Tan led , Singapore ( where Standard Chinese is spoken ) .
The Acura TLX is mid - size class of car with a Honda K engine . It has an AWD vehicle layout and is made at the Marysville Auto Plant .
Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock formation located in England and dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . One of the English ethnic groups are the British Arabs , and the capital of the country is London .
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich .
1937 is when production started of the Alvis Speed 25 which is a full - size luxury vehicle . This vehicle has a wheelbase of 127 inches and a 31 . 48 tax hp engine . The Alvis Speed 25 has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
Buzz Aldrin is an American born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on Jan 20 , 1930 . He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11 , where he spent 52 minutes in space . Aldrin is now retired .
The Acura TLX is a mid size car assembled in Marysville , Ohio with a V6 engine and front and all - wheel drive .
James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin , discovered 101 Helena , which has an apoapsis of , 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
Attica , Indiana is in the US , where the capital is Washington DC .
The Aston Martin Virage , made by Aston Martin , succeeded Aston Martin V8 , and is a related mode of transport as the Aston Martin DBS .
Adam Koc fought in battles during the Polish - Soviet war which was part of the Russian Civil War , .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire .
United States Army fought in the Korean War .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ws born in Miri , Malaysia and resides in Kuching . His party was the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Adenan Satem who attended the University of Adelaide .
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore .
Alison O ' Donell began her folk music career in 1963 and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet Band and United Bible Studies . She is signed to Static Caravan recordings .
The leader of the United States was Barack Obama . The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , which is located in the United States , is the Mayor . African Americans are among the ethnic groups in the U . S .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The country of origin of the ALV X - 1 is the United States , where American live .
103 Hera has an average speed of 18 . 09 km / s .
Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall , which is situated in Virginia in the United States .
Aaron Bertram played for the Suburban Legends and the Kids Imagine Nation bank . Suburban Legends genre is Ska .
Adam Holloway obtained 9312 votes in his election .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region , in Denmark where the language is Dutch .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , written in English ( language of Great Britain ) . The US has many ethnically Asian Americans .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab Pakistan where the leader is Shehbaz Sharif .
The periapsis of 101 Helena is 331683000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas and is American . He worked as a test pilot before joining NASA in 1963 . He spent over 69 days in space , or 100305 minutes . Bean is retired .
Erasmus University in Rotterdam ( affiliate : Assoc . of MBA ' s ) alum Ab Klink , is a senate member born in the Netherlands .
Buzz Aldrin , a member of the Apollo 11 crew was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , US .
The Audi A1 is manufatured by Audi which was founded by August Horch .
The Lancia Thema is related to the Saab 9000 and the Alfa Romeo 164 .
An alternative name for Aurakles is Aurakles .
In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was erected in Adams County , Pennsylvania . It is categorised as contributing property .
Albert Jennings Fountain is a member of the Republican Party in the U . S . A .
Aleksey Chirikov , built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard Finland , is an icebreaker . Finns live in Finland and two of its leaders are called Sauli Niinistö and Juha Sipilä .
The city of Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland is the location of the Accademis di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 . The Dean is Mario Botta and there are 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Iwan P William discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 SB which has an epoch date of 6 March 2006 and an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 . The periapsis measures 3997100000000 . 0 and the apoapsis is 7715100000 . 0 kms .
Brasilia based Infraero are the operating organization for Afonso Pena International Airport . It is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2215 .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A . S . Roma and is attached to the club Genoa CFC .
The American Journal of Mathmetics ( also known as Am . J . Math . ) discipline is Maths and was first published in 1878 .
Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
Amsterdam ' s leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White who later died at Parkersburg , West Virginia . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson whose birthplace was Bloomington , Maryland .
Anders Osborne worked with Tab Benoit and is associated with Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson , musicians .
Adam Koc , who fought in the Polish – Soviet War , was awarded both the Cross of Independence and awarded the Cross of Valour ( Poland ) .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operating organisation of Aarhus Airport which is located 25 metres above sea level . The runway name , which is 2776 . 0 in length , is 10R / 28L .
Alfred Moore Scales began his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 . He was involved in the Battle of Chancellorsville in the American Civil War , a war in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Alan Martin has played for Clyde F . C . and plays for the Crewe Alexandra FC ( managed by Steve Davis ) . Broadwood Stadium is home to Clyde F . C .
Born on 22nd September , 1856 , Albert B White died at Parkersburg , West Virginia , on the 3rd July 1941 , .
The IATA Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is ASB .
Alan Frew comes from Canada where one of the country ' s languages is French .
Amatriciana sauce comes from the Lazio region of Italy . It has the components : Guanciale , tomato , cheese and olive oil .
Binignit and cookies are both a type of dessert .
Allen Forrest became active in 2005 and performs hip hop music . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which has its origins in Disco . Hip hop music has its stylistic origins in funk .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , which is led by the parliament of the United Kingdom .
U . S . born Alan Bean was on the crew of NASA operated Apollo 12 .
Acharya Institute of Technology official school colors are Blue White and Orange .
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian dish from the Paisa region . The main ingredients are avocado , red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa and hogao sauce .
Alan Bean crewed the Apollo 12 operated by NASA , with Alfred Worden as the backup pilot .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in the English language and is from the U . S . where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Albert N White was the husband of Agnes Ward White and was born in Cleveland . His career began on 4 March 1901 and ended on 4 March 1905 when he was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria where the language is Austrian German . It is the birthplace of Alfons Gorbach who was born in the Austria - Hungary state of Tyrol and later died in the country .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was erected in 2000 in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , USA . It falls under the category of Contributing Property .
The 1 . 524m wide rocke ALV X - q has been launched once .
10 Hygiea , an asteroid , has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 . It has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis measurement of 416136000000 . 0 .
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and its epoch date is 26 November 2005 .
The US Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , where the general Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon was involved in Operating Enduring Freedom .
Andrews , Texas is served by Andrews County Airport which is located 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 .
The Ilocano and Igorot people are ethnic groups in the Philippines . The country uses the Arabic language and is where batchoy is eaten .
Alessio Romagnoli previously played for the Italian national under 16 football team where he was one of the defenders . He now plays for in Serie A for A C Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
The dessert , Bakewell Pudding , was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in the Derbyshire Dales . A few of its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter , and eggs .
Belgium ' s leader is Charles Michel .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group . Opelika is the county seat of Lee County .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are located at Pacific Grove , California and they were constructed in 1913 . Its architecture is " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on the 27th February 1987 .
Anaheim is part of California , in the United States .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The capital of Illinois is Springfield and the language used in Illinois is English .
Finland based Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov . Sauli Niinistö and Juha Sipilä are leaders in Finland .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is located at St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio , United States .
Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio , this club playing in Serie B .
The Alhambra ship beam is 8 . 3m and it has a top speed of 18 . 52 .
The Battle of Antietam took place during the American Civil War .
At a height of 306 metres above sea level , Akron , Ohio has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres . Also , its population density is 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square km , and the area codes are 234 and 330 .
The AMC Matador is assembled in Mexico .
Born in Atlanta , Georgia , Akeem Dent ' s position is linebacker .
The United States Army fought in the Korean War .
Meyer Werft is found in Germany and they built the AIDAstella .
The area of Attica Indiana is 4 . 14 SqKm .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan and was designed by the architect Tadao Ando , .
Auburn ( in King County ) , is Washington state , in the United States . The country : has the capital Washington D . C . , and largest city is New York City .
Garlic is an ingredient in the regional dish of Spain ' s Ajoblanco .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , which is spoken in Great Britain .
Fulton County is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia , in the United States .
The leader of the United States has the title of president . John Roberts is a leader in the US and the country ' s language is English . 250 Delaware Avenue is in the US .
Arrabbiata sauce is made with tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil and is a traditional dish from Rome , Italy .
The building of 103 Colmore Row began in 1973 .
The Accadmia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin and it is located in Birmingham . It has 23 floors and it was completed in 1976 .
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia , it includes peanut sauce . Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish .
Afonso Pena International Airport , which is operated by Infraero is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and serves Curitiba in Parana state . Curitiba is part of the South Region of Brazil .
Abner plays football for Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis , and also for both the Coritiba Football club and the Brazilian national under 20 football team .
The city of Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon , in the United States , where Washington D . C . is the capital , and where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen .
Addis Ababa in Ethiopia ( led by Hailemariam Desalegn ) is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium .
The Ampara Hospital is situated in the Ampara District , Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando .
Elliot See was born on July the 23rd , 1927 in Dallas , United States . He died in St . Louis .
The Arabian Sea is west of Karnataka .
AIP Advances is abbreviated to AIP Adv and is edited by A T Charlie Johnson who has Harvard University for an Alma mater .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrtrin FC and now plays for Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll and chaired by Gabor Kubatov .
The United States has the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Auburn , Pierce County , .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia , with Atlanta is its largest city . Georgia is part of the United States , which is home to African Americans .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java in the region of Malaysia . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama was on 26 November 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . Its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second .
200 Public Square is 111484 square metres .
Aaron Bertram plays Ska punk in the Suburban Legends band . Ska Punk originated from Punk rock .
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which is claimed to have originated in the United States and is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , found in Turkey , is made of bronze and was designed by Pietro Canonica . The monument was established on the 27th of July , 1932 . Turkey ' s capital is Ankara and its largest city is Istanbul . The leader ' s official title is the President of Turkey .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of King Carlos I of Spain , who was born in Rome and preceded Alfonso XIII of Spain .
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league .
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States . A country with a number of ethnic groups , one of which is Asia Americans .
St Vincent - St Mary High School , located in Akron , Ohio , US is the home of Akron Summit Assault . They play football in the Premier Development League , of which K - W United FC were champions .
Anders Osborne is associated with both the musical artist Theresa Andersson and Tab Benoit .
Alex Plante ' s birth place is Brandon , Manitoba .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Juan Carlos I of Spain , who was born in Rome and succeeded Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Aaron Turner played for the Greymachine band .
In 1957 Alan Shepard graduated from NWC with an M . A . and later became an Apollo 14 crew member as chosen by NASA before retiring on August 1st , 1974 .
Abilene Regional Airport , serving the city of Abilene Texas , has a runway length of 2195 . 0 and is located at 546 meters above sea level .
Stuart Parker is in the club Sparta Rotterdam .
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . It ' s a variation of the BLT and ingredients include bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce .
Al Assad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The transport plane the Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on USAF aircraft aircraft carriers . The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean War and took part in Operation Enduring Freedom .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest , its anthem is Desteapta - te romane ! and its leader is the Prime Minister .
British Hong Kong born William Anders served as a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 8 alongside Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin , the backup pilot .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the language of the country is Tamil .
Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio . The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff led by Dean Mario Botta .
The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport .
Abel Hernandez plays for Hull City A . F . C . of the Uruguay national football league .
AIP Advances has the ISSN number of " 2158 - 3226 " . It is edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson , a resident of the United States , whose alma mater is Harvard University , and whose doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham .
Lansing is the capital of Michigan , in the United States . In Michigan , English is the language spoken , and Lansing is the capital . Ann Arbor , Michigan is part of Washtenaw County .
The company Audi was founded by August Horch and they make the Audi A1 . Audi e - tron is a division of Audi and Lamborghini is a subsidiary .
Appleton International airport , which is located in Greenville , Wisconsin is located at 280 metres above sea level and a runway length of 1982 .
Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , attended the University of Texas at Austin ( whose mascot is Hook ' em ) .
Bakewell pudding can be served either fresh and warm , or cold .
Sweet potato ( belonging to flowering plants and of the Solanales order ) and Taro are ingredients in Binignit .
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece which used the colour blue . He was in office whilst the Prime Minister was Antonis Samaras and the Deputy was Evangelos Venizelos . Samaras was eventually succeeded by Konstantionos Mitsotakis .
The Abarth company , who made the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé , was founded in Bologna .
The maiden flight of the Ariane 5 was on 2002 - 12 - 11 .
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia and Asam pedas is a food that can be found there .
Edwin E . Aldrin Junior ' s nickname was Buzz Aldrin and he was born on January 20th , 1930 .
Grantville Gazette II is preceded by The Grantville Gazette .
American born Albennie Jones is a rhythm and blues solo singer . Rhythm and blues originated from blues and is derived into disco .
Al Anderson used to be a member of The Wildweeds and is now a member of the NRBQ band playing country music . He was born in the United States and began his career in 1966 .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Boulogne .
Bakes Alaska , which has meringue as an ingredient , is from the New York region of the United States .
Estadio Municipal Coaracy de Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiacao Sportive Arapiraquense and is located in Arapiraca .
Anders Osborne , whose genre is rock music , is signed to the record label Okeh Records . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The Aston Martin V8 , a similar mode of transportation as the Aston Martin DBS , was succeeded by Aston Martin Virage , made by Aston Martin .
" 1928 SJ " is the former name of 1101 Clematis .
Alan B . Miller Hall is at 101 Ukrop Way and was completed on 1 June 2009 .
The 1955 Dodge is related to the DeSoto Custom which is made by the DeSoto Co . Two related vehicles are the 1955 Dodge and the Plymouth Plaza .
Anaheim , California has a UTC offset of - 7 .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works , has a four - stroke engine with a diesel - electric transmission and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is known as the President and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is in the U . S . A . The airport has a runway that is 1 , 873 long .
Albilene is in Texas , in the United States .
Iraq ' s leader is Fuad Masum .
The average speed of 101 Helena is 18 . 44 km per sec .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has the straight four engine and a wheelbase that measures , 2160 millimetres .
Alfred Moore Scales began his career on January 21st 1885 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , whose club is Sparta Prague , is a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow who have their home ground at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Agra Airport , is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh . The Indian Air Force operates the Airport and their transport aircraft is the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster lll .
T S Thakur is a leader in India .
The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . The Accademia is located in Ticino , Switzerland and has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Aleksandr Prudnikov belonged to FC Spartak Moscow , which plays at Otkrytiye Arena . He has played fro FC Terek Grozny and plays for FC Amkar Perm , which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in battles in the American Civil War , a war Robert E Lee was part of , as a commander .
Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica . The abbreviatedform of which is Acta Palaeontol . Pol . It has a LCCN number of 60040714 , as well as the CODEN code APGPAC .
Alberto Teisaire , whose party is Justicialist Party , was in office while Juan Peron was President .
Ajoblanco is from Spain where Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq and has a runway length of 3 , 990 .
Punjab , Pakistan , led by the Provincial Assembly , is the location of Allama Iqbal International Airport .
The discipline of the AIDS Journal , ISSN number 0269 - 9370 , is HIV / AIDS .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the LCCN number 83646315 .
Anders Osborne has worked with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars and the musical artist Billy Iuso .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , which is part of Summit County , Ohio .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 between May 1950 and Aug . 1956 and it has 12 cylinders and a V12 engine .
Chicharron is a dish from Spain and is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa which is a traditional food from the Paisa region .
The President of the United States is leader of the US , a country which uses the English language . It is the location of Albuquerque , part of Bernalillo County in New Mexico .
Abilene Regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves Abilene in Texas . It has the ICAO location identifier of KABI . the runway length is 2195 and has the name 17L / 35R .
Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn created the comic character Bolt .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , which was part of Austria - Hungary . He died in Austria , where Doris Bures is the leader and Austrian German is the language spoken .
Lemper is a dish variation of Arem - Arem .
Indians is the name given to people from India .
Alfred N . Phillip was a member of the US Army , which fought in the Whiskey Rebellion .
Andrews County Airport is in Texas , United States , where the spanish language is spoken and the local people are known as Tejano .
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , northwest of Carroll County , Maryland is categorised as a contributing property .
Aaron Hunt previously played for SV Werder Bremen and currently for VfL Wolfsburg who are managed by Dieter Hecking .
Atlas II originates from the United States and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in battles in the American Civil War , during which one of the commanders was , Jefferson Davis .
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union . It has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , a total area of 107 . 43 sq . km . and located 268 . 0 above sea level .
The Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs is now known as AFC Ajax and has 5000 members and has played in the 2014 - 15 Topklasse season .
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in Lompoc , California .
Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce .
Alison O ' Donnell was once signed to Deram Records .
Pierce County , Washington is located within the United States .
Aaron Turner plays electric guitar and his musical genre is Doom metal .
The language of Argentina is Spanish .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press in the US who publish the American Journal of Mathematics . The Journal has an ISSN number of 0002 - 9327 .
Iraq born Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is Tractor Sazi FC and he plays for Al - Wakrah Sports Club .
Auburn , Alabama , U . S . is in Lee County whose county seat is Opelika . An ethnic group in the U . S . are Asian Americans .
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which is from the order Solanales .
The leader of the United States has the title President of the United States .
The apoapsis for 11264 Claudiomaccone is 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) , it has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 .
Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in the TV series Bananaman . It was shown by the BBC who are located in London .
American Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , the music Disco derives from .
Montevideo is the capital city of Uruguay and its inhabitants are called Uruguayans . Tabare Vazquez and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez are leaders of Uruguay . Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo .
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " and they played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 . The title of the Chairman is " President " and the club has 17000 members .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , is within the United States , whose capital is Washington DC . Newark is the largest city of New Jersey .
Alan B Miller Hall which has a Georgian style of architecture is owned by the College of William and Mary and is located in Virginia .
Bakso is Chinese food found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and where the leader is Joko Widodo .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight , the band ' s musical genre is black metal .
The colour of the New Democracy in Greece is blue .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Ilocano people are an ethnic group .
The Accademia di Architetturia di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta . The leader of Switzerland in Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Al - Wakrah Sports Club which is part of the Qatar Stars League .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members .
Aaron Hunt plays for the Germany national youth football team .
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which is found in Andalusia and originates from Spain .
Buzz Aldrin was born on Jan 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . His real name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . and he is American . Aldrin graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He worked as a fighter pilot and has since retired .
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia . The food ' s main ingredients are : kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgium , where French is spoken .
Akron Ohio is part of the United States , the capital of which is , Washington , D . C .
Adams Township is in Madison County , in Indiana , in the United States .
The IATA I . D for Agra Airport ( India ) is AGR , while the ICAO is VIAG . Agra is operated by the Airports Authority of India .
Ahmet Ertegun comes from Washington , D . C . in the U . S . He died in New York City . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
Peñarol , where Abel Hernandez played youth football , are part of the Uruguayan Primera División . Hernandez later played for Hull City and the club U . S . Città di Palermo , where the manager was Giuseppe Iachini .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC whichh is in Al Khor . He plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . The same country where both Akron , Ohio is , and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
English is the language of the United States , where 250 Delaware Avenue is located .
Albennie Jones was born in the USA and has worked with Sammy Price . He plays rhythm and blues which originated from the blues and from which disco is derived .
AIP Advances , published by American Institute of Physics , is edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson , who resides in the U . S , and is a graduate of Stanford University .
1089 Tama has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and its epoch date is 26 November 2005 .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Atlantic City , New Jersey can be found .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band which performs rock music .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer in Pop music which helped give rise to Disco .
Americans live in the U . S .
Alfred N Phillip was a member of the US Army . The army fought in the Whiskey Rebellion Battle .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas . The name of the runway is 14L / 32R and its length is 3500 m .
Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
Acharya Institute of Technology in India was created in 2000 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm ( managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev ) and the FC Kuban Krasnodar club . He was a member of FC Spartak Moscow , with its grounds at Otkrytiye Arena .
The footballer Alan Martin played for Motherwell Football Club at their Fir Park ground and is currently a member of the Scottish National under 21 football team .
Casey Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A Ribicoff , who was born in the United States , where African Americans represent one of the ethnic groups .
Almond , an ingredient in Ajoblanco , is part of the Rosaceae family and is a member of the Rosales order .
Albennie Jones performs rhythm and blues which is originating from blues and disco is one of its derivative . He was born in Errata , Mississippi and worked with Sammy Price .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rock and roll music , whose stylistic origins are in country music .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is academically focused on Paleontology and has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . It has the LCCN number of 60040714 and the ISSN number of 0567 - 7920 .
The Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is in Greenville , Wisconsin . It is elevated 280 meters above sea level . The runway , which is named 3 / 21 , measures a lenght of 1982 . 0 .
The Atatürk Monument in İzmir , Turkey , which is led by Ahmet Davutoglu and has Ankara as its capital , was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 .
Both the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa .
The population in the United States , where the English language is spoken , are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of African Americans . Angola is located within the country , being part of Pleasant Township in Steuben County , Indiana .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0 .
Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka . It was started in 1927 and finished in 1931 . The hall ' s style of architecture is Tudor Revival .
Robert E . Lee was a commander in the Battle of Gettysburg .
Agnes Kant worked at the Socialist Party in the Netherlands .
A key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC , is Bill Marriott . Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Demark .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Mendrisio was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
Abilene regional airport has a runway length of 1 , 121 , it is located 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of Abilene in Texas .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus . It is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
The company , Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in California . The company , Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in California .
The runway name of Angola International Airport , situated 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda , is 05L / 23R and is 4000 metres long .
AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who is from the United States . Stanford University is his alma mater .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd July 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . He was a US national who was chosen by NASA in 1962 . He died in St . Louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Italy .
1634 : The Baltic War and it ' s sequel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis were written by Eric Flint . Flint was born in Burbank California . His DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes precede his novels .
Jens Hartel plays for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig .
Albany , Oregon has a total area of 45 . 97 square kilometres and is 64 , 008 above sea level . It has area codes 541 and 458 and a population density of 1104 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Dane Whitman Black , also known as Dane Whitman was created by Roy Thomas .
Born in Georgia , Vermont , Alvah Sabin , worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont .
Alpharetta , Georgia has an area of water 1 . 0 sq km .
The A Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long .
Agra Airport , India , has an IATA Location Identifier of AGR .
The ARA Veinticinco De mayo ( V - 2 ) , from Argentina , has a ship beam of 24 . 4 and gave spare parts for the NaeL Minas Geraisand . The Veinticinco was thrown away in 2000 .
Anders Osborne was a dedicated guitarist ho signed to Alligator records along with Johnny Sansone . This rock music group produced a fusion genre called Bhangra .
sandesh is a dessert .
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office , the office of which , is in Dnipropetrovsk .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine , a cylinder count of 12 and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length . It was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine , is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length and has a cylinder count of 12 . It was built by the American Locomotive Company .
109 Felicitas , which has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec also has a mass of 7 . 5 kgs and an apoapsis of 523329000 kms .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where Austin is the capital and a Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
N . R . Pogson of Nottingham was the discoverer of 107 Camilla . 107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days .
The ground for AEK Athens FC is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) in Marousi .
The Ariane was launched from the ELA - 3 launchpad which is found at the Guiana Space Centre .
Aaron S . Daggett , who fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart was born in Maine .
Addiction journal ( abbreviated to just ' Addiction ' ) is about addiction . The ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0965 - 2140 and 93645978 respectively .
Alan Bean spent 100305 . 0 minutes in Space .
The Olympic Stadium , in Athens , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC . the manager of which , is Gus Poyet , who played for Chelsea F . C .
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full - size luxury vehicle which has a wheelbase of 127 inches and a 31 . 48 hp engine . It also has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
A . C . Cesena has 23900 members .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and was the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank California .
Albany , Oregon has a population density of 1104 . 1 inhabitants per sq km and is located 64 . 008 above sea level . It uses the area codes of 541 and 458 and has a total area of 45 . 97 sq km .
Airey Neave fought in World War II , during which , Chiang Kai - shek was a commander .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey on 20 January 1930 . He obtained an ScD from MIT in 19963 and served as a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 11 . He was the recipient of 20 awards during his career .
Beef kway teow comes from the country of Indonesia .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season .
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States , it ' s main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
Akeem Adams plaus for Palo Seco Velodrome based United Ptertrin FC and also Ferencvarosi TC , of which Gabor Kubatov is the manager .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s clubs are Al Shorta SC and AL Kharaitiyat SC , whose home grounds are in Al Khor .
Finland is the builder if the icebreaker called the Aleksey Chirikov . Both Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipila are leaders in Finland .
St Vincent - St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , Akron Ohio .
Aaron Turner has played with both Twilight and the Lotus Eaters .
Abdul Taid Mahmud , who was born and resides in the Kingdom of Sarawak , is a member of Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak party and was succeded by Adenan Satem .
20 Fenchurch Street was designed by architect Rafael Vinoly and it is located in London . London is governed by the UK Parliament and the leader of London is Boris Johnson .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens which is in Greece where Nikos Voutsis is the leader .
The 3Arena is a concerts and events venue type building .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region , Colombia . One of its ingredients is the Avocado , which is a member of the Laurales plant order .
Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Amharic is the national language , and their leader is Malatu Teshome .
Almonds , an ingredient in Ajoblanco , are from the Rosaceae family and from the order Rosids .
The fullname of AZAL PFK is AZAL Pesokar Futbol Klubu .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Adams County in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania ( United States ) . It was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico . The leader of the country is Enrique Peña Nieto and cake is also a dessert .
Aaron Turner plays drone music and in the past he was a member of Twilight and presently the Mamiffer band .
Allama Iqbal International airport , with a runway length of 3310 . 0 , is located in Pakistan .
Alan Bean is a US national , who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He received a B . S . degree from UT at Austin in 1955 . He performed as a test pilot , He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 12 . He retired in June 1981 .
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region in Spain . Felipe VI is the leader of that country .
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F . C . in Accrington . Mr . Martin also played for Hamilton Academical F . C .
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Indonesia . The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dish found in the US .
Barack Obama is president of the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originated in the U . S .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press and it is based in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups of the United States and they speak English , same as in Great Britain .
The 1955 Dodge has a 3 speed automatic transmission .
Born in maine , Aaron S Daggett , fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket , the latter originates from the United States .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , a graduate from the University of Gottingen , who died in Gottingen .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( completed in 2000 ) is a contributing property found at Seminary Ridge , Adams County , in the municipality of Gettysburg in the American state of Pennsylvania .
The footballer Abner was born on 30 / 05 / 1996 and plays for Real Madrid Castilla and the Coritiba football club .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in the state of California , where one of the languages spoken is Vietnamese .
Alfred Garth Jones comes from the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the leader .
The capital city of Greece is Athens where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders . The country is the location of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol and is the leader of the city of Anaheim in California . Spanish is one of the languages used in California .
101 Helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kg and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km .
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo and succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud .
Elliot see was born July 23 , 1927 . He joined NASA in 1862 and was a test pilot . He died in St Louis on 28 February , 1966 .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County , which in turn is part of the San Francisco Bay area , in California .
Disco derives from rhythm and blues , the musical genre of Allen Forrest , who , was originally a solo singer .
Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are connected . The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are connected .
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " has 17000 members and were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 .
The 200 Public Square was completed in 1984 . It is located at Public Square , Cleveland ; it has a floor count of 45 and a floor area of 111 , 484 square metres .
Airey Neave fought in World War II which included the East Africa Campaign and had Benito Mussolini as a commander .
Aaron Deer is a singer in the music genre indie rock .
Meyer Werft was the builder of the AIDAluna .
Beef kway teow is a popular food of Indonesia and it contains palm sugar .
The dish bhajji is related to pakora which can be varied by using paneer .
The clarinet is a musical instrument used in jazz .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore , which leader is Halimah Yacob and English is the spoken language .
In 1929 the 320 South Boston Building was completed with 22 floors and a height of 121 . 92 metres .
Born in the United Kingdom , Tim Brooke - Taylor , starred in Bananaman .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region , Colombian cuisine , and one of the ingredients is lemon .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , which is located in Paraguay , where the leader is Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish .
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara , Mexico that includes chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
The book " 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , " by Virginia DeMarce , has ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Born in Atlanta , Georgia on 27th September 1987 , Akeem Dent has played for the Atlanta Falcons .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the American Civil War , Siege of Petersburg . Commander Jefferson Davis also fought in the American Civil War .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 . The United States Navy awarded him their Distinguished Service Medal , which is considered higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard passed away in California , which was represented by Senator Dianne Feinstein .
N . R . Pogson discovered 107 Camilla on November 17 , 1868 . He was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County , part of California , in the United States , where the leader is called the President of the United States .
Although A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , it is written in English as spoken in Great Britain . The US is known as home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where Silvano Aureoles Conejo leads the Mexican people .
Livorno Calcio S . p . A . is abbreviated to A . S . Livorno Calcio . They have 19238 members and grounds in Livorno .
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States and written in English , language of Great Britain . The capital of the US is Washington D . C . and the original population of the country are Native Americans .
Pete Stoger is manager of 1 . FC Koln and plays for the Austria national football team .
P & O transporting company is located in London .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas .
Ab Klink , born in the Netherlands , has the alma mater , Erasmus University ( in Rotterdam ) which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak . The successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud was Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub and he was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President . Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , the birthplace of Abraham A . Ribicoff , whose wife is , Casey Ribicoff .
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 , it can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA - 3 which is found at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana . The ELA - 3 is operated by Arianespace .
Massimo Drago ' s club was Calcio Catania .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka . It was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast . Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west .
The comic strip character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from Argentina and is 24 . 4m long .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level is called Turkmenistan Airlines .
Abilene , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport which is 546 metres above sea level . The airport has the ICAO Location Identifier , KABI , as well as having the runway name 17R / 35L . One of the runways is 1121 . 0 metres long .
Albany , in Benton County Oregon , is in the U . S . where Washington , D . C . is the capital . People living in the country are known as Americans and it ' s also home to Native Americans .
During the Second World War , in which Chiang Kai - Shek was a commander , Abner W Sibal served and fought with the United States Army , eventually ending his military career on 3 January 1965 .
The Polish Academy of Sciences , headquartered in Warsaw , Poland , publishes Acta Palaeontologica Polonica .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and also for Old Man Gloom ; his music genre is Black Metal .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoken . It is also where the Zamboangans and Ilocano people are two of the ethnic groups .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , born in Connecticut , has Casey Ribicoff for a wife .
The operating organization for Afonso Pena International Airport is Infraero , which is located in Brasilia . The Airport serves Curitiba which is part of Parana State in the South Region of Brasil .
3 Arena , designed by the Populous company , was completed in December 2008 and is located at East Link Bridge .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan .
The Faroese language is spoken in Denmark .
French is the spoken language in Belgium .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont , whose largest city is Burlington .
Alan Bean is American and was a part of the crew of Apollo 12 operated by NASA . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot .
Alessio Romagnoli is in the club Italy national under 17 ' s and plays for A . S . Roma . Mr . Romagnoli is now with A . C . Milan whose chairman is Silvio Berlusconi and manager is Siniša Mihajlović .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and serves Antwerp city . It is 12 m above sea level .
Caterpillar Inc . is located in Peoria , Illinois and Douglas R Oberhelman is a key member of personnel . The company powers the AIDAluna owned by AIDA Cruises .
Walter Baade graduated from the University of Gottingen and discovered the 1036 Ganymed . His doctoral student was called Allan Sandage and Walter died in West Germany .
The Alan B . Miller Hall is in Williamsburg , Virginia .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US .
Agustin Barboza ( born in Asuncion ) is signed to Philips Records .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria as one of the team ' s Defenders .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cu cm , an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per sec and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
Egg Harbor Township , NJ United States is the home of Atlantic City International Airport 23 . 0 metres above sea level .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from . The main ingredients in this dish are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
A popular food in Indonesia , Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region . Two of the leaders in Singapore ( where standard Chinese is spoken ) are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob .
Turkey ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu , who is the President of Turkey . Its capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul . The currency used in Turkey is Turkish Lira . The ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) , that is located in Turkey , is made of bronze .
Andra , whose musical genre is dance pop , is a singer associated with musician Marius Moga and singer Puya .
The Atlas II final flight was on 2004 - 08 - 31 .
Arem arem contains banana leaf and originates from Indonesia .
The film Big Hero 6 stars actor Damon Wayans Jr .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , United States .
The ship AIDAstella has a beam of 32 . 2 metres and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length . It was christened in March 16 2013 and had its maiden voyage on March 17 , 2013 .
Amarillo , Texas is in Potter County which is located in the United States , where English is spoken . The United States capital is Washington , D . C .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for AS Lyon - Duchere .
Arthur Blank owns the Atlanta Falcons .
Radboud University Nijmegen alum and House of Representative member Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and resides in the Netherlands .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas . It is located in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
The United States uses English as a spoken language and has the capital city of Washington DC . The country is the location of Abilene , part of Texas where the largest city is Houston .
The record label of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Orfeo ( Uruguayan ) .
Anders Osborne is signed with Chicago ' s Blues label , Alligator Records , and Shanachie Records . Anders is also associated with artist Tab Benoit .
The Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and preceded the Aston Martin Virage made by the company Aston Martin . It is a related means of transportation to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 , .
13 / 31 is the name of a runway at Atlantic City International Airport , operated by Port Authorities of New York and New Jersey .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F . C . club , ( Central F . C . ) . United Petrotin FC ' s ground is Palo Seco Velodrome .
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton ( part of Kimberly , Wisconsin ) and is located in Greenville , part of Dale , Wisconsin , United States .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The leader of Pakistan is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq .
Adam Holloway fought in the Gulf War .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is in the country of Ethiopia .
Akron , Ohio is located in United States . A country where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington DC .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore , and is found in Java . It ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal , .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from the region of New York and the country of France .
Antwerp International Airport is located in Antwerp , Belgium , whose leader is Charles Michel .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has the straight four engine , a wheel base of 2160 millimetres , and a 2 door coupe body style .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine , the parent company of which , is Rolls Royce Power Systems .
1097 Vicia , has a rotation period of 95040 . 0 , and its epoch date is 2006 . 12 . 31 .
American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 , in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He would serve as a crew member aboard NASA ' s Apollo 11 program .
Rolando Moran manages A . C . Chievo and is in Varese Calcio S . S . D . club .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan , Akita Prefecture and has an ethnic group of Koreans .
Established in 2001 , the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala India currently has 250 staff . A famous river in the country is the Ganges .
The Akita Museum of Art is locacted in Akiita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . In Japan there is an ethnic group of Chinese people .
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire Dales ( in the county of Derbyshire ) where the Bakewell tart is a popular dish . This dish contains frangipane and has a variant called Bakewell pudding .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
The National Park Service is the owner of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument .
The Desoto Custom ' s successor is the DeSoto Firedome .
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup .
Canada , which is led by Elizabeth II and has the anthem " O Canada " , is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
The headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority are at Jinnah International Airport .
The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Alvinegro " , they were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 and have 17000 members .
The Atlas II is from the US which has an ethnic group called Native Americans .
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy , where Rome is the capital and where Italians live . Leaders of the country include Sergio Mattarella and Matteo Renzi .
A total of 1418 ALCO RS - 3s were built at the American Locomotive Company . It has 12 cylinders , a V12 engine and has a length of 17068 . 8 mms .
Akeem Ayers , whose draft pick is 39 was formerly and currently with the Los Angeles Rams .
Alberto Teisaire was in office at the same time that Juan Peron , a member of the Labour Party in Argentina , was President . Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where the leader is Gabriela Michetti .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s clubs are Esteghial Ahvaz FC and also Al - Zawra ' a SC which is managed by Basim Qasim .
Aaron Hunt played for Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga . He also represented SV Werder Bremen II - the manager of the first team there is Alexander Nouri .
Alpharetta , is in the state of Georgia , in the United States . Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , the largest city of which is Atlanta .
Alfred Moore Scales was at the Siege of Petersburg which was part of the American Civil War conflict .
Aarhus Airport is 25 metres above sea level .
Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who publish the journal AIDS .
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers sports including tennis .
ATISET is the CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems .
The Battle of Cold Harbor took place during the American Civil War and Aaron S . Daggett fought in that battle . Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War .
Born in Faversham , Kent , England , Adam Holloway , served in the Grenadier Guards and his alma mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny .
Aleksandr Chumakov , who played for FC Torpedo Moscow , was born in Moscow , in 1948 .
The Delta II originated in the United States and was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 . The rocket Antares is comparable to Delta II .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician with Okeh Records as his label .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager . He has also represented the club KV Mechelen and once played for Stockport County FC .
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who was born in Romania in 1986 . She began her career as a solo artist and is now a reality tv judge .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , made from red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , Azerbaijan . The memorial ( native name " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " ) was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . Artur Rasizade is the leader ( official title President ) of Azerbaijan .
The discoverer of the 103 Hera was James Craig Watson , who is originally from Canada and whose alma mater was the University of Michigan .
Austin is part of Williamson County ( Texas ) , where the largest city is Round Rock . Austin is in Hays County , the county seat of which , is San Marcos Texas .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway ( name : 18L / 36R ) has a length of 3 , 500 .
200 Public Square in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States has a floor area of 111484 square metres .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and is a US national . Joe Biden is a United States leader . The backup pilot of Apollo 11 was William Anders .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends , which is a pop music band .
Located in Rostock , Neptun Werft , built the A - Rosa Luna .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The country ' s leader is LarsLøkke Rasmussen .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington , D . C .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and has a runway length of 2215 . 0 which is named 15 / 33 .
The Minotaur IV rocket is associated with the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Arem - arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire region where Patrick McLoughlin is the leader .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig .
Anderson , Indiana ' s population density is 523 . 9 per sq . kilometre and its total area is 107 . 43 per sq . kilometre .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music and one type jazz fusion is Afrobeat .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located at Seminary Ridge , the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . The monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as contributing property .
Jerry Ordway ' s nationality is American .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band . Aaron Turner ' s genre is post - metal .
Alfred Moore Scales was in the American Civil War , Battle of Fredericksburg . Jefferson Davis was an American Civil War commander .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola and has a runway length of 4000 .
The BBC headquarters is called Broadcasting House .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . The institute ' s motto is " Nurturing Excellence " and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Philippine English is the language of the Philippines .
Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s birth place was Uruguay .
Turkmenbashi International Airport is the hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines which operates Ashgabat International Airport and has its headquarters located in Turkmenistan .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa .
Dallas is located in the Collin County in Texas .
The champions of Serie D are S . S . Robur Siena in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play . This latter club has their ground in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is the city of Rome .
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music .
The AIDAstella , built by Meyer Werst and operated by AIDA Cruise Line , is 253260 . 0 millimeters long .
Elliot was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . Elliot was a student at the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot served as a test pilot before passing away on the 28th of february in 1966 .
A fortress of Grey Ice is available in print .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument is located in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . It was erected in 2000 and categorised as contributing property .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C .
American Abraham A . Ribicoff is married to Casey Ribicoff and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US .
The Aston Martin Virage , was made by the company Aston Martin , and was succeeded the Aston Martin V8 which has a 5 . 3 litre engine . The Aston Martin V8 is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . It is the location of Agra Airport at 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam , with a runway length of 3400 . 0 . and has an elevation of - 3 . 3528 .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The Emperor of Japan is Akihito and one of the country ' s ethnic groups are the Brazilians .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He did in California . Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California . Benitoite is a gemstone found in the same state .
Albuquerque is part of New Mexico in the U . S . and is led by the Mayor , Richard J . Berry . English is spoken in the U . S .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka India . Affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University , it ' s motto is Nurturing Excellence . The campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The AIDAstella , which is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length , had its maiden voyage on the 17th of March 2013 .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is Olympique Lyonnais whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium and he also plays for FC Samtredia .
Akeem Dent first played with the Atlanta Falcons that is owned by Arthur Blank . His former team was the Houston Texans out of Houston .
Albany , Linn County , Oregon is in the U . S . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C . African Americans are one ethnic group in the U . S . where English is spoken .
The Lockheed AC - 130 ( an attack aircraft ) and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon ( aircraft fighter ) are both used by the United States Air Force . It was involved in the Invasion of Panama and operates the Al Asad Airbase .
Solo singer Ace Wilder is currently a band singer .
General Dynamics Electric Boat are located in the city of Groton , Connecticut .
Ahmet Ertegun was born 1923 and is from the United States . Washington D . C . is the origin of Ahmet Ertegun whohas a background as a non performing personnel . Ahmet Ertegun performs rock and roll music .
Andrew Rayel is a Trance music performer who was born in Chisinau , Moldova and started his career in 2009 . He has been associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina .
Rhythm and Blues singer Allen Forrest was born 1981 in Dothan , Alabama .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the U . S . The largest city in the U . S . is New York .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle .
Banjo is an instrument for Country music , the genre of the band , NRBQ . Al Anderson from the NRBQ band was a member of The Wildweeds .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java ; the Baduy are one of the ethnic groups found in the country .
The United States Army , which battled in the Invasion of Grenada , was the army Alfred N . Phillip ( retired 1939 - 01 - 03 ) served in .
Asam pedas is from Indonesia , Malaysia and Sumatra and mainly consists of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
Operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , Aarhus airport has a runway that is 2777 . 0 metres long . It also has a runway with the name 10L / 28R .
The Audi A1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and is assembled at Audi Brussels .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg .
The Americans are people living in the US and include the ethnic group of African Americans . The country is the location of Albuquerque in New Mexico .
These books were written in the following order , Wolf Solent , A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and then Maiden Castle .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 and he plays for FC Spartak Moscow as well as FC Tom Tomsk .
Alfred N . Phillips , was a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district . Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N . Philip , who was a member of the US Army . Whiskey Rebellion was one battle fought in the US .
The Antares rocket , produced by Yuzhnoye Design Office , was first launched April 21 , 2013 from theMid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company found in Coventry . The Alvis has a 31 . 48 HP engine . The Rover Co . came aafter the Alvis Car Co .
Andrews County Airport is located in ( Spanish speaking ) Houston , Texas , United States .
The Aston Martin V8 is a convertible with a 5 . 3l engine .
Asser Levy Public Baths in Manhattan were constructed in 1904 .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat 211 metres above sea level with a 0 . 9 km long runway .
Born on November 12th 1978 in Katowice , Poland , Abradab has played with the band Kaliber 44 and also worked with the rapper Magik .
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States . The book is written in English ( originated in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D . C .
Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders of Manhattan which is part of New York City U . S . which is where Asser Levy Public Baths are located .
Noodles are an ingredient in batchoy which is eaten in the Philippines .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi and the Olympique Lyonnais club whose homeground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
The Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
The dark asteroid called 1000 Piazzia which has the epoch of 27 June 2015 has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . It also has a mass of 1 . 1kg , a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per sec .
The Al Taqaddum air base which serves the city of Fallujah is 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3684 .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 . Its epoch date is August 27th 2011 .
In Wisconsin ( United States ) , is Appleton International Airport , in Greenville ( part of Ellington ) . It serves the city of Appleton which is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin .
Rolando Maran is attached to the club Calcio Catania , plays at Carrarese Calcio and is manager of A . C . Chievo Verona .
Alex Day started performing in 2006 and plays with the band Chameleon Circuit . His musical genre is Synthpop and he is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell .
1634 ; The Bavarian Crisis was the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes and written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Eric Flint , author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War , was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
FC Köln played the 2014 - 15 season in the Bundesliga , the team has 50000 members .
In the United State is where you can find Abilene of Texas , in which Houston is the largest city , and English is a language spoken . The country ' s capital is Washington DC .
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who originated from Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan . He later died in Madison , Wisconsin , from peritonitis .
Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots are main ingredients in the Indonesian food of Bakso .
Abel Caballero works as the Mayor of Vigo .
Paulo Sousa plays for ACF Fiorentina .
The transport aircraft for the United States Air Force is the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules .
The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on April 21st , 2013 .
The 1955 Dodge , manufactured by Dodge , is a related means of transport to the DeSoto Custom .
Jens Hartel played for FC Sachsen Leipzig and has been manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . He is in the RB Leipzig club and is also part of 1 FC Union Berlin .
FC Spartak Moscow play at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Jusef Kalia is the leader of Indonesia where they serve the Japonese dish of Arem - arem .
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen ( which has 23 floors ) is Bella Center .
A commander in the American Civil War was Abraham Lincoln .
The dark asteroid 1000 Piazzia has a periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and it was formerly called " 1923 NZ1951 OB " and its epoch date was on 2015 - 06 - 27 .
Arem - arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java and it uses banana leaf as an ingredient .
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is Trance , started his career in 2009 . He is associated with both Armin van Buuren and the musician , Jwaydan Moyine .
Binignit is made of sweet potato and coconut milk .
The successor to Alfons Gorbach is Josef Klaus .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Phillippines . It includes sweet potato and banana .
Elliot See , born in Dallas ( Collin County , Texas ) , attended the University of Texas at Austin , affiliated with the University of Texas System . The University of Texas will compete in the Big 12 Conference .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and one ethnic group is the African Americans .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s height is 185 . 0 ( centimetres ) .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where A Wizard of Mars was published . The book was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635 : The Cannon Law and 1634 The Galileo Affair .
Emile Roemer is a leader in the Netherlands Socialist Party .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States where the largest city in that state is Newark .
Hearst Castle was a significant project of Julia Morgan .
The soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial found in Azerbaijan . It was designed in red granite and white marble by Hilmi Guner and Huseyin Butuner .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport , which is 12m a . s . l . and is run by the Flemish Region .
The Alderney Airport elevation above the sea level ( in meters ) is 88 .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician and singer .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The capital city of the United Kingdom is London .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , USA , the capital of Texas is Austin , people in Texas are called Texans and one of their languages is Spanish .
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore , where Standard Chinese is spoken and the dish Beef kway teow is served . The dish is also available in Indonesia .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge in the municipality of Gettysburg Pennsylvania , United States . The monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing Property .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . The book was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and The Grantville Gazettes .
Adam McQuaid , who weighs 94 . 8024kg , was born in Canada in 1986 .
The total area of Antioch , California is 75 . 324 square km .
Union Township , Madison County , Indiana is located within the United States .
The American Journal of Mathematics is also known by the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math and has an impact factor of 1 . 337 .
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force and was succeeded by Al - Amin Daggash . He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
With an escape velocity of 0 , ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 , has a density of 2 . 0 gm per cu cm and an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) .
Romanian solo singer Andra performs dance - pop music and has worked as a reality TV judge .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Galicia in Spain , was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch .
Arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in Italy , has chilli pepper and oregano as some of the ingredients .
Al Anderson , from the band NRBQ , was born in Windsor Connecticut .
103 Hera has a periapsis measurement of 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . It is operated by the ENAIRE organization . The airports ' s runway name is 18L / 36R and its length is 3500 m . It is 610 m above sea level .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County in the U . S . Opelike is the county seat of Lee County .
The Baduy is an ethnic group in Java where Ayam penyet is from . This dish is also from Singapore where English is spoken and Halimah Yacob is the leader .
William Anders , born in British Hong Kong graduated with an MS from AFIT in 1962 and was chosen by NASA in 1963 .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves both Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Iraq . The leader of the country is Haider al - Abadi .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala state in India . The largest city in India is Mumbai and the most important river is the Ganges . Kerala has to its northwest Mahé , India .
Almond is a main ingredient in Ajoblanco . It is classed as a flowering plant and is from the Rosaceae family and the order Rosids .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark . The leader of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen , and the state religion is the Church of Denmark .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Randall County , Texas , in the United States .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 , which has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 , has a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres .
The leader of the United States is called the President and John Roberts is a leader there . The Bacon Explosion is from America where White Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D . C .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar , he plays for both ADO Den Haag and De Graafschap .
Ice cream Bionico are types of dessert . Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico where they eat Bionico .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Felipe VI is the leader .
The Delta II ( United States ) , similar to the Antares rocket , was built by the United Launch Alliance and launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base . It is similar tot he Antares rocket , launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Al Anderson is a rock musician and singer for the band NRBQ . Rock music originated from country music , and A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands , where the currency is the Euro . Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and his Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam . Erasmus University in Rotterdam is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
The capital of the United States , which includes many Asian Americans , is Washington DC . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the US and is written in English .
Above the Veil is 248 pages long and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
Bionico is a dish from Mexico , where Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader and Mexican Spanish is spoken .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain .
Italy ' s leader is Pietro Grasso . Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy which has Rome as its capital and the people of the country are known as Italians . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy .
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , where African Americans are one ethnic group and the leader is called a President . The language spoken there is English , originated in Great Britain .
Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade with the official title of the leader of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan .
Irish English is the official language of Ireland , which is led by Enda Kenny and home to Adare Manor .
Adam Koc fought in WWI and was given the Cross of Independence . He was also given the Cross of Valour for Poland .
Alan Bean was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler Texas . He was a test pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Andrews County airport is located in Texas , United States , where the people are called Texans and the state capital is Austin .
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . The escape velocity is 0 . 21 kilometres per second and the periapsis is 416136000000 . 0 .
Alberto Teisaire was an Argentinian who died in Buenos Aires . Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina , a country in which Spanish is spoken .
The musical genre of Albennie Jones is rhythm and blues .
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovac was born in Serbia in 1972 and has a background as a solo singer . Disco is a fusion genre of pop music .
Len Wein has won awards from the Academy of Comic Book Arts .
Aleksander Barkov Jr . is playing as a centre .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for both the Al - Khor Sports Club and AL Kharaitiyat SC . Al Kharaitiyat SC ' s ground is Al Khor .
Electric guitar player Aaron Turner is associated with the group Greymachine . He played with the band Twilight whose musical genre is black metal - a fusion of which is known as death metal .
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 and has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square meters .
With 39371 members , A . C . Chievo Verona ' s home ground is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York in the United States . The leader of Manhattan , part of New York City , is Cyrus Vance Jr .
Afonso Pena International airport is in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . It is 911 meters above sea level and its runway ( 11 / 29 ) is 1800 meters long .
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II .
Atlanta is located in Fulton County , Georgia in the United States .
In New York , one of the many languages spoken is Arabic .
Ace Wilder ' s musical genre is Hip hop which has its stylistic origins in disco and a sub genre called Gangsta rap .
The Antares rocket ' s final flight was from Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on the 28th October 2014 .
Bionico is a dessert , like the variation of cake . It comes from Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader .
Agra Airport ( VIAG ) is in Uttar Pradesh . The Airports Authority of India is located there .
A Glastonbury Romance can be found in hardcover . It has the OCLC number 76798317 and the Library of Congress Classification PR6031 . 0867 .
The length of the runway at Adirondack Regional Airport is 2003 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and its 4th runway is 25ft .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 is located . The Accademia has 600 students .
Alex Tyus was born in St . Louis , part of Greater St . Louis . That city forms part of the French first republic and its leader is Francis G . Slay .
Anderson and Indianapolis are cities in the United States . Indianapolis is the capital ; Anderson is situated in Madison County .
The Aston Martin V8 is a Coupe with a 5 . 3 litre engine .
The architect of Adare Manor was Augustus Pugin and the building was completed in 1862 .
The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish , batchoy is eaten there and the Zamboangans and Moro people can be found there .
The manager of A . C . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini plays for A . C . Chievo Verona . and is at Torino F . C . club .
The National and Kapodistrian University of Athens , is the alma mater of Greek born Adonis Georgiadis .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and has the LCCN number is 90640840 .
ACF Fiorentina competed in the 2014 season .
The American Locomotive Company producted the ALCO RS - 3 with its four - stroke engine and its 12 cylinders . The vehicle is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length and the company only made 1418 of them .
Allan Shivers started his career on the 11th July 1949 where he served in the United States Army . He fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was as a commander .
The language of Denmark is Danish .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is member of the Poales order . Poaceae belongs to the Commelinid order , within the flowering plants and classed as Monocotyledon .
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music , which originated from funk music . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music .
The operating organisation for Al Asad airbase is the United States Air Force . They were involved in the battle at the invasion of Panama and use the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules transport aircraft , the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon fighter aircraft , and the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
Elliot See ( born on 1927 - 07 - 23 ) was a test pilot and died in St . Louis .
The celestial body known as ( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an epoch date of 6 March 2006 and was discovered by Donal O Ceallaigh . It has an orbital period of 7729430000 , a periapsis of 997100000000 and an apoapsis of 7715100000 . 0 kms .
A keyboard player , Aaron Deer ' s genre , is indie rock which has its origins in New wave music .
The novel Into Battle is published by Australians .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is a bronze monument designed by Pietro Canonica , and inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 . It is located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , and the leader ( the President of Turkey ) is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
Egg Harbor Township , is a township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . With a runway length of 1873 metres , Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township .
Aaron Hunter ' s club is Goslarer SC 08 and he played for SV Werder Bremen II managed by Alexander Nouri .
Austria is led by Doris Bures and is the birthplace of Alfons Gorbach who later died in Styria .
Alfred N Phillips retired 1939 - 01 - 03 and was a member of the US Army . The United States Army took part in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion .
Johns Hopkins University Press is located in the United States and publishes the American Journal of Mathematics .
The 120 million Australian dollar 108 St Georges Terrace in Perth has 50 floors .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 600 students and 100 staff .
Alan B . Miller Hall Virginia was designed by Robert A . M . Stern was completed on June 1 , 2009 . The College of William and Mary is the owner of that hall .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , born in Connecticut , died in the U . S .
Alan Shepard was a crew member aboard Apollo 14 .
Newark , Trenton , and Atlantic City are part of New Jersey in the United States .
Aaron S . Daggett battled in the Battle of Cold Harbour .
One of the ethnic groups found in the United States of American , where the capital city is Washington DC , are the Native Americans . The country is the location of Alpharetta , part of Fulton County in Georgia .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s comes from Nigeria whose leader is called Yemi Osinbajo .
Anders Osborne ’ s musical genre is rock music and bhangra is part of the rock music fusion .
The United States Army battled in the American Civil War .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan .
Sweden is the birthplace of Ace Wilder , who has a background as a solo singer . Singing is Ace Wilder ' s occupation .
U . C . Sampdoria is in the Serie A league .
Published in hardback , A Severed Wasp was assigned the OCLC number 8805735 and also has an ISBN number of 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
Elliot See has died in St Louis where Francis G Slay is mayor . He attended the University of Texas system affiliated University of Texas at Austin which is competing in the Big 12 conference .
Akeem Priestley plays for Jacksonville Dolphind based at the John Sessions Stadium . He is also connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club which is managed by liver Wyss .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the U . S . and became Governor of Connecticut . Ruth Ribicoff is his spouse .
Anders Osborne is a blues artist .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , which leader is Ximo Puig , and is a traditional dish from Spain , where Felipe VI rules .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest . The Ganges is a river in India and Mumbai is its largest city .
Batagor comes from Indonesia and is a variation of Shumai . It contains a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid .
A severed wasp is published by Farrar , Straus and Giroux .
Turkey ' s leader and therefore President is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the currency used in the country is the Turkish Lira . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) can be found in Turkey .
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket .
John Major was a commander in the Gulf War in which Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards was involved .
Aaron Turner ' s music is Post - metal .
A variation of Bakewell pudding , Bakewell tart has fruit preserves as an ingredient . It comes from the Derbyshire Dales region ( in Derbyshire ) , where the leader is Patrick McLoughlin .
Alan Shepard was a test pilot born in New Hampshire , having graduating from NWC , M . A . in 1957 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal By The United States Navy , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He passed away in California .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , in Texas , where Spanish is spoken . The state of Texas , is in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C .
The Alvis Speed 25 is classed as a Full - size car .
A . S . Roma have a ground in Rome and has 70634 members .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , which is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , is in Bangalore , India . The school was established in 2000 and has 700 post graduate students . Its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office , had its final flight on July 13th 2014 , its maiden flight was on the 28th October 2014 and was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Al - Wakrah Sport Club . His club is Al Kharaitiyat SC who play in the Qatar Stars League , are located at Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim .
Afonso Pena International Airport , operated by Infraero , is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais .
In Texas ; Houston is the largest city , Austin is the capital , Arlington is part of the state , and Spanish is spoken .
Rhythm and Blues performer Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul , Turkey . R and B originated from the Blues and in turn helped give rise to disco music .
The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan .
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from . The capital of the country is Rome , the language spoken is Italian and the leaders include Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini .
The Grantville Gazette preceded Grantville Gazette II and 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Eric Flint .
Born on October 17 , 1933 , William Anders was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Arròs negre is from Spain , which is populated by Spaniards .
300 North LaSalle , Chicago , was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors .
The outlook ranking for the Acharya Institute of Technology is 63 .
The builder of the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , is in Helsinki .
Abradab performs hip hop music which originated from jazz and funk . One of the derivatives of hip hop are drums and bass .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore but can also be found in Indonesia . English is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the US and his spouse was Casey Ribicoff .
William Anders is now retired .
Battle of France veteran Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , began his career 03 / 04 / 1974 and retired 03 / 30 / 1979 .
Albuquerque , led by United States House of Representatives , is in New Mexico , in the United States . The language is of the country is English , and Barack Obama is the leader .
The dish bhajji is related to pakora .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and is an American . Elliot attended the University of Texas at Austin which will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot died in St Louis .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a cylinder count of 12 .
The AMC Matador is classed as a mid - size car .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was built in 1911 and is located in Asherton , Texas . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 .
Finland , is the builder of the icebreaker called the Aleksey Chirikov , in Helsinki .
The rocket Antares was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The rocket Antares is comparable to Delta II which is from the United States .
Anderson is a city which is part of the Union Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Located in Shehbaz Sharif led , Pakistan , the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport which is found in Punjab , Pakistan .
The AIDAluna , is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by Caterpillar Inc . which is located in the U . S .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was created in 2000 and has 700 post graduate students . Its president is B . M . Reddy and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . The school ' s full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The comic character of Balder is also known as " Balder Odinson " . It was created by Stan Lee and the American , Jack Kirby .
Natives of the United kingdom are called British people , their leader is Elizabeth II and 20 Fenchurch Street is located there . The capital is London and their leader is the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
They started to build Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961 .
Born in Northbrook Illinois , Scott Adsit , provides the voice for the character Baymax .
Auron , a comic book character whose full name is Lambien , was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman .
Turin based Gruppo Bertone designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , ISBN 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 , was written by Eric Flint , has a hardcover and has 448 pages .
Test pilot Elliot See was born on the 23rd of July , 1927 in Dallas , USA . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot See passed away in St . Louis , on the 28th of February , 1966 .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport with an elevation of 610 . 0 meters above sea level is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain .
A . C . Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy .
The English language is spoken in Michigan .
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom where David Cameron is leader . Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT .
Aaron S . Daggett , born in Greene , Maine , fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Aarhus , Denmark . Aarhus is governed by a Magistrate and has Mols to its northeast . Denmark is ruled by the Monarchy of Denmaek , has the Church of Denmark as its religion , and is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Born in Congress Poland , Adam Koc , fought in the Polish – Soviet War , during which , Joseph Stalin was a commander .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who is a member of C . D . Aguila .
Adam McQuaid plays for the Boston Bruins .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica comes under the academic discipline of paleontology .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in the English language .
Al Anderson is in the NRBQ band whose genre is Rock music . He played once with The Wildweeds .
Anderson is located in Madison County , Indiana which is led by the Democratic Party in the United States . The headquarters of the Democratic Party ( United States ) is at South Capitol Street .
Opelika is the county seat of Lee County , Alabama . Auburn is part of Lee County , in the United States .
City Manager is the leader title in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Akeem Dent wads born on Sept 27 , 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia and started with the Atlanta Falcons .
The musical genre of Abradab is Hip Hop music and Gangsta rap is a sub - genre of Hip Hop music .
Afrobeat is a fusion genre and contains elements of other genres such as Jazz . Albennie Jones was born in the U . S . A . , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Ampara Hospital is in the Ampara district of Sri Lanka , a country with leader Ranil Wickremesinghe and capital Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien , Connecticut and belonged to the United States Democratic Party . He worked at the United States House of Representatives and was succeeded by Albert E Austin .
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin in the U . S . A . Greenville is part of Ellington and Appleton is part of Grand Chute .
11 Diagonal Street is found in South Africa where one of the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans .
Cubanelle is one of the ingredients in Arros negre , which comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain .
Anders Osborne is a blues artist who is signed to the record label Rabadash Records .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , is located in Azerbaijan , where the title of the leader is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
Aleksandra Kovac is a pop musician who is associated with Kornelije Kovac and musically involved with Kristina Kovac . Pop music is part of disco , which is considered a fusing genre .
A . S . Roma is in Serie A .
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full size luxury vehicle with a specialised transmission system .
Infraero location is in Brazil .
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and was American . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and worked as a test pilot . He died on Feb 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
Orange County , is part of the greater Los Angeles area , in California where Anaheim and The United States House of Representative can be found .
Born on Sept . 27 , 1987 in Atlanta Georgia , Akeem Dent , formerly played with the Atlanta Falcons team .
In the season 2014 - 2015 AFC Blackpool , who have 1500 members , played in the North West Counties Football League . They have the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " and their home ground is The Mechanics .
Abel Caballero worked at the Ministry of Public Works and Transport in Spain .
A > C Cesena ground is in Cesena .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States , where he worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare . He died in New York City and was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
The title of the chairman of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is President .
Albennie Jones performs jazz music .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region .
The location of Costa Crociere is Italy .
Singer Al Anderson is a member of rock band , NRBQ . Rock originates from the blues and country while being an influence on bhangra music .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ( alternatively called , the Alfa Romeo 168 ) , has a straight - four engine and is considered a mid - size luxury executive car .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , where the capital is London , the main religion is the Church of England , and one of the languages spoken is the Cornish language .
" A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States " .
Auburn ( 77 . 41 sq . km . ) , Pierce County and King County are part of Washington , United States .
Canada is led by Elizabeth II and is where Adam McQuaid was born .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Tom Tomsk and FC Kuban Krasnodar .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Straight four engine .
Peter Stöger was at the club SK Rapid Wien .
The city of Lahore in Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International airport . Pakistan ' s leader is Nawaz Sharif and the airport is located in the Punjab region of the country .
A . C . Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy , they have 23900 members and play in the Serie B league .
With 3180 members , and a home ground called The Fylde , A . F . C . Fylde played in 2014 . The full name of which , is Association Football Club Fylde .
The fighter pilot William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , retired Sept 1st 1969 .
Michele Marcolini previously played for Vicenza Calcio but now plays for AC Chievo Verona . He is also the manager of AC Lumezzane who have their ground in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader .
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes and operates ELA - 3 , the launch site of Ariane 5 at the Guiana Space Centre .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , which is part of the Central Denmark region . Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark , where the language spoken is German .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England , in the UK and died in Sidcup , London .
Alan Frew comes from Canada .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas , where the capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston .
Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico in the U . S . and the city ' s leader entity is the United States House of Representatives . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States and English is the official language .
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Saab 9000 are similar means of transport .
Admin . Sci . Q is the abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz and FC Spartak Moscow whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine , a hardtop , and a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
The AIDAstella , owned by Costa Crociere , is 253260 . 0mm long and has a 32 . 2 meter beam .
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding . The dish comes from China and is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese .
Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where batchoy is eaten and the language spoken is Philippine Spanish .
The asteroid called 11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second .
The Ariane 5 , was manufactured by Arianespace and launched at the ELA - 3 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns . The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is trance music , which has its stylistic origins in pop music .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat .
Al Anderson was born on the 13 / 03 / 1947 .
Angela Merkel is the leader of Germany .
William Anders ( born on 1933 - 10 - 17 ) graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 .
The United States , whose capital is Washington D . C . , is home to Native Americans , only one of the many ethnic groups in residence . English is spoken in the United States , like Britain , the language in which the American book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written .
Attica is a city in Logan Township , part of Fountain County in Indiana , U . S . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
Anaheim , California has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , and the area code 657 .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is located 34 metres above sea level with the 3rd runway being served with poaceae . The runway is named 07 / 25 and has a length of 518 . 0 .
Alan Frew is a solo singer from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada . He started his solo singing career in 1983 , with the group called Glass Tiger .
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January , 1930 and was named Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . in 1963 , and later served as a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 11 .
Chili pepper is a main ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce from Italy . Oregano can also be added .
Bionico is a native food of Mexico where the leaders are Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Enrique Pena Nieto .
Formerly called , " A894 VA ; A904 VD " , 1089 Tama , has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 , and the epoch of , 2005 - 11 - 26 .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club whose manager is Oleh Luzhny . Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is Olympique Lyonnais whose owner is Jean - Michel Aulas , play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Cooking plantain is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War . Albert Jennings Fountain fought in this war - he was born in the United States , where African Americans represent one of the ethnic groups .
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who originated from Canada and died in Madison , Wisconsin from peritonitis .
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S .
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco , that is found in Adalusia , Spain .
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2 . 7 kilograms and its apoapsis is 605718000 . 0 kms .
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia ( discovered by Sergey Belyavsky ) , has an absolute magnitude of 9 . 7 and an orbital period of 5 . 75 days . Its epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
Preceded by Annie Dunne , A Long Long Way was published in print & paperback with the OCLC number 57392246 .
The Ariane 5 , which was manufactured at the ESA and Arinanespace was launched at ELA - 3 . The maiden flight took place on 4 June 1996 and the final flight on 18 December 2009 .
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Provice , Sri Lanka , where Ampara Hospital is located .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama formerly called " A894 VA ; A904 VD is 26 November 2005 .
Curitiba is led by the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) .
Ahmet Ertegun was born 1923 , in Washington D . C . , the United States and was a Rock and roll performer who had a background as a non performing personnel .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for AFC Ajax and R . S . C . Anderlecht .
Aleksandr Barkov Jr ' s weight is 96 . 1632 kgs .
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and was published in print & paperback .
Aaron Boogaard , whose club is Wichita Thunder , was born in 1986 in Canada .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain . The region is led by the Parliament of Catalonia . Felipe VI is the head of state of the Spaniards .
The nationality of Dick Dillin is United States .
Cornell University , which goes by the nickname Cornell Big Red , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , where Americans live and where the English language is spoken . The US is the location of Angola in Pleasant Township , which is part of Steuben County , Indiana .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , in the United States .
The United States population are known as Americans and includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans . The country , which has the capital of Washington DC , is the location of Albany in Linn County , Oregon .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who succeeded Al - Amin Daggash , was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President , .
Abel Hernandez , whose club is the Uruguay National football team , used to play for the Central Espanol club .
The musical genre Afrobeat is a fusion genre and contains elements of other genres such as Jazz which is also the origin of Funk . Alison O Donnell plays jazz music which stylistically comes from the blues and uses the clarinet .
African Americans represent one of the ethnic groups in the United States , where Abraham A Ribicoff , who was married to Casey Ribicoff , was born .
Graeme Garden was born in Aberdeen .
The Abilene regional airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 7202 feet .
Auburn , Washington is located in the United States , where African Americans are an ethic group .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson from Canada .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Tom Tomsk and he also plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar .
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages .
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Texas which is in the United States . Arlington can be found in Texas although the largest city is Houston .
Antioch , California has postal codes 94509 and 94531 , a population of 102372 , an area code of 925 and a total area of 75 . 324 square km . The UTC offset for Antioch , California is - 8 .
Verona , Italy is the home to A . C . Chievo Verona which has 39371 members and the full name of " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " .
The runway length of Athens International Airport is 3800 . 0 .
The luxury vehicle , Acura TLX , with a V6 engine , front - wheel and all - wheel drive , was made at the Marysville Auto Plant .
Sanat Mes Kerman FC player , Alaa Abdul Zahra , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC , the homeground of which , is Al Khor .
Abradab originated from Poland and started to perform in 1994 . He is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik .
Alex Tyus has played for Maccabi Ashdod BC and has also played in the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The Atlas II is from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC . The leader of the country is the President and the ethnic groups include African Americans .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and played for the Los Angeles Rams .
Agra Airport , with the ICAO location identifier of " VIAG " , is located in Uttar Pradesh . The IATA I . D of the airport is AGR and the operating organisation is the Airports Authority of India .
Led by the California State Assembly , Anaheim , is a city in Orange County , which is part of California , in the United States .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group and the capital city is Kuala Lumpur .
American Motors manufactures the AMC Matador , was acquired by Chrysler and includes subsidary Wheel Horse . AM includes member Roy D Chapin Jr .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis , having previously played for Old Man Gloom .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Greene Maine and he died in West Roxbury . He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
The birth place of Alfons Gorbach is County of Tyrol and he died in Austria . In Austria , the language is Austrian German and the leader is Doris Bures .
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan , born in California , who has designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Asilomar State Beach .
Stellendam , Netherlands born Ab Klink date of birth was 11 / 02 / 1958 . The Netherlands leader is Mark Rutte and uses the Euro .
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and was married to Agnes Ward White , who was born in Marietta , Ohio . Agnes Ward White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
The AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , was built by Meyer Werft and is currently in service . It is 252 meters long with a 32 . 2m beam .
Abner played for the football club Real Madrid Castilla .
107 Camilla , which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 , was discovered by N . R . Pogson who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai .
The 11264 Claudiomaccone which has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 km and an apoapsis of 475426000 km has an epoch date of 26th November 2005 .
Sweet potatoes and Taro are in binignit recipes , which is a dessert from the region of Visayas , Philippines .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes ( flowering plant ; a Solanales ) and coconut milk .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 were in the Lega Pro in the 2014 - 15 season .
Austin is in Hays County , Texas .
The Derbyshire Dales dish of Bakewell pudding is a dessert of ground almond , jam , butter and eggs that is delicious either hot or cold .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and was at the club ASD Licita 1931 but he currently plays for U . S Castrovillari Calcio .
Phillip Cocu is the manager of PSV Eindhoven .
Abraham A . Ribicoff is a United States national .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger . The team has 50000 members and played in the 2014 season .
The United States capital is Washington DC while Abilene is located in Texas .
The book , A Loyal Character Dancer , by Qiu Xiaolong , has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and can be found in hardcover .
Abdul Taid Mahmud is a member of Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak party .
200 Public Square , completed in 1985 , has a floor count of 45 .
Alfred N . Phillips was in the U . S . Army . That army fought in the Korean War .
The asteroid Hygiea 10 , once known as A900 GA , has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 and has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days .
Alessio Romagnoli , a member of A . S . Roma , is connected to UC Sampdoria .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 , was selected by NASA in 1959 .
Languages spoken in the Philippines include English and Arabic . Two ethnic groups include Moro and Ilocano people . Batchoy comes from the country .
Anderson , Indiana , is part of Anderson Township , Madison County in the state where Indianapolis is the capital and everything is part of the U . S . A .
The mayor is the leader of Antioch , which is part of Contra Costa County , part of the San Francisco Bay area , in California .
he United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF fought in the Grenada Invasion . Weapons and aircraft located at that base are the Lockheed AC - 130 , the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the official language is Italian .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino . There are 600 students and 100 staff members .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Footballer , Alan Martin is 185 , 42 centimetres tall .
The Antares rocket , with a medium expendable launch system and manufactured by Orbital ATK , was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The debut team of Akeem Ayers was the Tennessee Titans who are based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Batagor is found in Indonesia .
In Indiana , the language spoken is American English .
Amatriciana sauce comes from the region of Lazio .
The A - Rosa Luna has a top speed of 24 km / h .
Alan Bean was selected by Nasa in 1963 .
Synthpop musician Alex Day is a member of Chameleon Circuit and associate of Charlie McDonnell .
1097 Vicia ; has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs , the epoch date 2006 . 12 . 31 , and an orbital period of , 135589000 . 0 .
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Mastin DBS succeeded by the Aston Martin Vantage which is a related means or transportation to the Aston Martin V8 .
The birth place of Aaron S . Daggett is Greene , Maine .
The population density of Albany , in Oregon , is 1104 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz , of which funk is a derivative and which has origins in folk music . Afrobeat is a fusion genre with jazz where the clarinet is often featured .
Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis , Indiana .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India and has Narendra Modi as the prime minister .
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the company that built the American submarine NR - 1 , which is 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) long . General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co , which is located in Groton , CT .
The city of Amirillo , Texas is in the United States .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 21 May 1936 in the Kingdom of Sarawak and now resides at Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His party was the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region .
United States Air FOrce aircraft fighter is General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon .
The Delta II was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10 , 1989 and debuted with the Tennessee Titans in 2011 . He has also played with St . Louis Rams .
Allen Forrest was originally a solo singer .
The population density of Attica Indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Adam Holloway was a Grenadier Guards during the Gulf War and Colin Powell was a commander .
Julian Morgan , born in California , designed the significant Asilomar State Beach and the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C .
The asteroid , 107 Camilla , was discovered on the 1st of March , 2001 , by Nottingham born , N . R . Pogson .
410777 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch .
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170 kelvins , an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometres per second and its periapsis is 523329000 kms .
The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States and is led by Richard J . Berry . African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States .
Batagor , Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish . Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai .
Abdulsalami Abubakar who served in the Nigerian Army was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo and he was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President . Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe ' s predecessor .
Spanish is spoken in Texas , where the capital is Austin . Texas is also home to Amarillo , which is part of Potter County in the US .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport ( located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas ) has a runway that is 4349 metres long .
The Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Once signed to Deram Record , Alison O ' Donnell , performs jazz music and is with the recording label , Stanyan Records .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . It is located at Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , United States .
Airey Neave fought in World War Two and died at Westminster Hospital in London . He began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended it five years later on March 30th .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the US , where Native Americans are an ethnic group , Washington DC is the capital and Barack Obama is the leader and President .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is 597 . 0 .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . It is also where A Wizard of Mars , which is written in English , originates from .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland where the ethnic group is White people .
Athens born Makis Voridis succeeded Adonis Georgiadis , who was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . Samaras himself was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Ace Wilder is signed to the record label Warner Music Group .
Aleksandr Prydnikov is in the FC Terek Grozny club and he plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz .
The Alpena County Regional Airport ' s location id is " APN " , and it is elevated 210 metres above sea level .
The largest city in India is Mumbai but the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK . BLT is a variation of club sandwich and contains lettuce .
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is a soloist singer .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib , was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lived in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
The llocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines where Batchoy is eaten .
10 Hygiea , which was once called " A900 GA " , has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 kmps . The periapsis measurement for 10 Hygiea is 416136000000 . 0 .
Cookie is a type of dessert .
The footballer Abner plays for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and the Coritiba Football club .
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham and was designed by the architect John Madin .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 , an escape velocity of 0 , an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
Canadian born , Aaron Boogaard , whose club is Wichita Thunder , was born in 1986 and is 1 . 905m tall .
The 1955 Dodge has a sedan style body .
Alexandria , in Indiana , has a total area of 6 , 81 square kilometres .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , and influenced by Robert A . Heinlein , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
Rhythm and blues musician Anders Osborne began performing in 1989 and is associated with artists Tab Benoit , Billy luso and Galactic .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa and Jacob Zuma is a leader in Asian South Africans .
The architect Alfred Giles died in Kendall County Texas .
Ab Klink , who worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands , graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in 1995 in Tampere , Finland .
The Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport to the The Aston Martin V8 , the assembly of which , is located in Newport Pagnell .
Kaiser Chiefs band member , musician Andrew White , is signed to the record label B - Unique Records andis associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow .
Round Rock , Williamson County , Austin , Georgetown , Travis County are all in Texas .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Austria and died in Graz , Styria .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " . Its author is Virginia DeMarce , it has 448 pages and comes in hardcover .
William Anders worked for NASA as a fighter pilot and went on to become a part of Apollo 8 ' s crew along with Frank Borman . Mr Anders is now retired .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the U . S . The capital of New Jersey is Trenton .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland , has a length of 99 . 83M and a beam of 21 . 2M .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3800 . 0 and it serves Amsterdam .
The AIDAluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 and is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 . The Grounds have the architectural style of American Craftsman .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the capital is Putrajaya and the leader is Abu Zahar Ujang .
Lahor , located in Pakistan and led by Mamnoon Hussain , is the home of the Allama Iqbal International Airport .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio in the United States .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and where Laura Boldrini is the leader .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorized as a contributing property . Adams county lies to the east of Franklin County and has Cumberland County to the north and Carroll County , Maryland to the south - east .
Albany is in Georgia in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
410777 2009 FD , with a mass of 8 . 3kg , was discovered by Spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s career began in 1963 and her genre is folk music of Ireland . She is is an artist for the band Mellow Candle and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band .
AIP Advances editors include the following : Vincent H . Crespi , Bernard S . Gerstman , A . T . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka , Enge G . Wang .
Acharya Institute of Technology of India has 10000 Undergraduate students .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery and is located in New York City .
James Craig Watson , a Canadian whose alma mater was the University of Michigan , discovered 103 Hera . He died in Madison , Wisconsin . 103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometers ) , .
Albert B . White ( 1856 - 1941 ) , and born in September , died in Parkersburg , W . Virginia .
Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members and are in season 2011 .
Azerbaijan ' s leader is the Prime Minister . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is in Azerbaijan .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol operating organization is Schiphol Group .
Elliot See was born on February 28 , 1966 in Dallas and passed away in St . Louis .
Antonis Samaras has Evangelos Venizelos for a Deputy .
Abilene Regional Airport ' s runway is named 17L / 35R , 2195 in length , 546 metres above sea level and services Abilene , Texas .
Manhattan is part of New York City .
Andra is a Rhythm and blues ( originated from blues and has Funk as a derivative ) singer .
Peñarol is the club of Abel Hernández , who plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team . Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol .
Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio which has 19238 members and the full name of Associazione Sportiva .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
The 109 Felicitas with a mass of 7 . 5 kg , has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec .
A . C . Chievo Verona , with 39371 members , plays in their ground at Verona .
One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs .
Alhambra has a Humphrys , Tennant , and Dykes power type . It is owned by the London - located P & O company .
Alan Shepard who was born in New Hampshire in 1923 was awarded a distinguished service medal by the United States Navy .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo , Uruguay , whose political leader is Daniel Martinez .
The architecture style of Adisham Hall is Tudor and Jacabian . It was constructed from 1927 to 1931 and is located on St . Benedict ' s Monastery in Haputale , Sri Lanka .
The city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka in India is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology . The President of the Institute which was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University is B M Reddy .
The main ingredient of Binignit is sweet potato and it also contains sago . The dish comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines .
Addis Ababa City Hall is the seat of Local Government .
A Wizard of Mars ( written in English ) was Published in the United States . The previous president of the country was Barack Obama and the original ethnic group there is Native American .
Paul Ryan and Joe Biden are leaders in the United States which is led by the President . The capital city is Washington DC and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Poaceae , of the class Monocotyledon , is the surface type of the second runway at Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore .
Hip hop music , derived from Disco and includes Drum and Bass , is the genre of Abradab .
Aaron Bertram began his performing career in 1998 and plays for Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends Band .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , a city in the United States that is governed by the Cleveland City Council .
A . S . Roma play in Serie A .
1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 kilometres per second . 1097 Vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km .
Anaheim , California , covers a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and has the UTC offset of - 8 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , and graduated from University of Texas at Austin , which is Affiliated with University of Texas System .
Agnes Kant is Dutch and worked at the Netherlands Socialist Party , led by Emile Roemer .
The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Candombe .
107 Camilla was discovered by M Gaffey and has an epoch date of 31 . 12 . 2006 .
Ab Klink was born in the Nertherlands , where the currency is the euro .
Antioch , in Contra Costa County , California , is led by the U . S . House of Representatives . Contra Costa County is part of the San Francisco Bay area of the state where one of the spoken languages is Vietnamese .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
Auburn , is part of Lee County , Alabama , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels . It was established in 1928 , has 16 , 000 students and its dean is Thomas Pallesen .
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire who was born in Mendoza in Agentina . He and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . Alberto Teisaire , was a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was President .
Japan has an ethnic group of Koreans .
Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person at American Motors , which manufactures the AMC Matador .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s youth football club was FC Spartak Moscow chaired by Sergey Rodionov .
Ajoblanco is from Spain where the language is Spanish and one of the ethnic groups are the Spaniards .
Sesame Oil is an ingredient of beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region and is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore .
The American submarine , NR - 1 , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m . It has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and is 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) long .
Hip Hop music has its stylistic origins in Jazz .
Beef Kway Teow originates from Singapore and is also made in Indonesia . Its main ingredients include kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church , in the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was one of the commanders in the war .
The asteroid called 10 Hygiea had an epoch date of 27th June 2015 and its orbital period is 5 . 57 days .
In Iraq there are two leaders : Haider Al - Abadi and Fuad Madum . Fallujah in Iraq is served by Al - Taqaddum .
Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio , which has 19238 members .
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of A . C . Milan .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . The university has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students .
Albennie Jones played blues music .
In Italy they speak Italian and is the home to the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 as well as the capital city of Rome .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established in 2000 ) is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorized as a Contributing Property . Cumberland County ( also of Pennsylvania ) lies to the north of Adams County . Carroll County ( to the southeast ) and Frederick County ( to the southwest ) and both of Maryland are near neighbours to Adams County .
The leader of the United States is known as the president , and within the US there are many African Americans . Additionally , A severed Wasp is from the United States .
Musical Artist , Aleksandra Kovač , who is associated with fellow musical artist Kristina Kovač , is in same band with Kornelije Kovač . Aleksandra Kovač ' s has a background of solo singing , and her musical genre is pop music . Disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music and therefore can be considered a fusion genre .
9312 people voted for Adam Holloway to become a Member of Parliament .
Alan Martin is a footballer for Aldershot Town FC , having previously played for Accrington Stanley FC which is based in Accrington .
American born , Albennie Jones , played blues music and is a solo singer .
Ahmet Ertegun ' s musical genre is Rhythm and Blues , which originated from blues music . Disco also is derived from rhythm and blues .
AIDAluna , is powered by Caterpillar Inc . which is located in Illinois .
Chicharrón is a dish traditional in Spain .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom , the country where Alex Day was born . He performs Synthpop music which is a form of House music and is a derivative of disco music .
Alvah Sabin represented the State of Vermont where he worked as the secretary of the State .
The city of Lahore in Pakistan is served by Allama Iqbal International airport .
Bhajji ( also called bahjo or bajji ) comes from the Karnataka region of India . It contains gram flour and vegetables .
American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is 192000 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam length of 24 . 4 . It derives from Argentina .
Anders Osborne is signed to Shanachie Records and Alligator Records . Alligator Records main genre of music is the blues .
Rock music originated from country music which has its stylistic origin in blues . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music as performed by NRBQ and their singer Al Anderson .
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground of AFC Blackpool is located . The club have had Stuart Parker as their manager who has also been at Blackburn Rovers FC and is a member of Chesterfield FC .
South Jersey Transportation Authority ' s leader name is Stephen Dilts .
AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and was completed on March 11th , 2013 .
English is the language of the United States , where the leader is called the President . The US is home to Albuquerque , ( led by Richard J Berry ) , which is part of Bernalillo County in New Mexico .
Construction on Addis Ababa City Hall , which has a 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) floor area , began in 1961 and was completed in 1964 .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club A . C . Milan in the Serie A . League and managed by Siniša Mihajlović . Mr . Romagnoli has been a rep for the U . C . Sampdoria also .
Akeem Dent ' s first team were the Atlanta Falcons who play in Atlanta . He was also formerly with the Houston Texans who play in Texas and are owned by Bob McNair .
Binignit is a dessert from the region of Visayas , Philippines . Taro and banana are prominent ingredients .
Barack Obama leads the U . S . The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , U . S . is the United States House of Representatives .
Akeem Priestley has played for Orange County Blues FC . managed by Oliver Wyss , and for Dayton Dutch Lions .
Bionico is served at the dessert course .
Claude Bartolone is a leader of France .
Albany , Oregon is located in the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group and where the capital city is Washington DC .
Hull City AFC ' s manager is Steve Bruce .
The manager of AS Roma , Luciano Spalletti , plays for Udinese Calcio and was at the club Virtus Entella .
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena , which was completed December 2008 and is located on the East Link Bridge .
The Audi A1 has a 6 speed manual gearbox .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated to the European University Association .
Abilene is a part of Taylor County , Texas .
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji .
The AMC Matador was assembled in Mexico .
The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak . He lives in Kuching , and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . Abdul Taib Mahmud successor was Adenan Satem , who attended the University of Adelaide .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who is attached to the club Genoa CFC .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines .
Elliot See died in St . Louis ( part of Kingdom of France ) .
Buzz Aldrin who is originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey joined NASA and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew along with William Anders as a back up pilot .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ISSN number is " 0236 - 5294 " and the LCCN number 83646315 . It has the CODEN code of " AMAHE9 " and the abbreviation of Acta Math . Hungar . .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , whose alma mater was the University of Gottingen , and who died in Göttingen .
Aleksandra Kovac became active in 1990 and uses the musical genre , rhythm and blues .
Arros negre , a traditional dish , comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in it .
Dane Whitman is the alternative name for the comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Dayton Dutch Lions and he plays for Harbour View F . C .
King County , Washington is located in the United States and the capital of the U . S . is Washington . D . C . which includes Auburn which is also a part of King County in Washington .
The ALV X - 1 originates from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC and the white americans as an ethnic group .
200 Public square is in Cleveland , which is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio .
Adams County in Pennsylvania is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County . Southeast is Carroll County , Maryland and Frederick County , Maryland is to the southwest . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County and is categorised as a contributing property .
Akeem Adams played for T & TEC Sports Club and also for United Petrotrin FC whose ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome .
Anders Osborne ' s genre is Blues and he is signed to the Rabadash Records label .
Aaron S . Daggett , born in Greene in Maine , died in West Roxbury . He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and also was the recipient of the Purple Heart .
Amdavad ni Gufa was completed in 1995 in Gujarat , India .
Tim Brooke - Taylor was born in the UK .
In the United States , Alexandria is part of Monroe township , Madison County , in Indiana , where the capital is Indianapolis .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , the capital of which is Putrajaya . Najib Razak is the leader of Malaysia .
Afonso Pena International airport is located 911 metres above sea level .
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Al - Zawra ' a SC which is managed by Basim Qasim .
The body style of the Astom Martin V8 is a coupe .
05L / 23R is the runway name at Angola International airport .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where Chinese is spoken .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music and recorded under Osmosys Records . She also recorded with Deram Records which is based in London .
The first runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made in asphalt .
The Alvis Speed 25 was built by the Coventry based Alvis Car and Enginerring Company which was succeeded by the Rover Co .
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien , Connecticut and was a member of the United States Democratic Party . He worked as Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district and was succeeded by Albert E Austin .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield , Maryland , United States and is categorised as a historic district . The nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick , Maryland .
Rock singer Al Anderson , of the band NRBQ , once played once with The Wildweeds . One of the fusion genres of rock is Bhangra music .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia on May 21st 1936 and lives in Sarawak . He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented Asajaya .
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands and is a member of the Socialist Party . Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands where the leader is Khadija Arib .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae .
The Philippine dish of binignit contains sago and sweet potato .
The Aston Martin V8 , which is assembled at Newport Pagnell , is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub ( who was succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud ) , was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has Dr G P Prabhukumar as it ' s Director . The motto for the Institute is " Nurturing Excellence " and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as " 1923 OAA907 XC " and has the epoch date of 31 July 2016 . It has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres and an orbital period of 5 . 75 days .
The Albarth 1000 GT Coupe is a coupe with a wheelbase measuring 2160mm .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has a ground in Gubbio where the Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party .
The runway surface at Atlantic City International Airport is made from asphalt and concrete .
Christian Burns musical genre is house music and Andrew Rayel is associated with him . Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine who is associated with John Digweed .
Bhangra is a fusion of rock music which originates from country and folk . Alan Frew is a Rock musician .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) provided spare parts for the Nael Minas Geraisand but the remainder was scrapped in 2000 .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which originated from jazz music and has its origins in Disco . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler , Texas . He served as a test pilot and a Apollo 12 crew member . He spent at total of 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
Batagor has these main ingredients : fried fish dumplings , tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and comes from Indonesia .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States .
Al Anderson is a singer with the roch band NRBQ and was formerly in The Wildweeds . The origins of rock music are in country music , and bhangra music has derived from it too .
The Atlas II , launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 , is manufactured by the Bethesda , Maryland company , Lockheed Martin .
Alex Tyus has played in the Euroleague and for the Maccabi Ashdod B . C .
Akeem Adams ' club is Central F . C . and is part of the United Petrotrin F . C . that has their home ground in Palo Seco . Mr . Adams died in Budapest , Hungary .
The BBC , where Rona Fairhead was a key person , is located in London and broadcasts Bananaman .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud , who is a member of the " Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak " party . Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak and represented Asajaya .
Arlington , Tarrant County , is located in Texas whose capital is Austin . Houston is the largest city in Texas .
The alma mater of Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Technical Institute , Kaduna .
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The Koreans are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City , in the Philipppines and is made from the main ingredients noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
The Airbus Defence and Space made the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres and launched from the Guiana Space Centre . It took its maiden flight on 2 March 2004 and its final flight on 18 December 2009 .
Walter Baade , who was born in the German empire , discovered 1036 Ganymed . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and he died in West Germany .
Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 . He was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which will compete in the Big 12 Conference . He later became a test pilot .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , related to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 , was assembled in Italy . The Alfa Romeo 164 has a Sedan body style and a Straight four engine .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War . A commander in that war was Abraham Lincoln .
Aaron Bertram plays ska punk music for the Kids Imagine Nation Band . Ska Punk ' s origin is Punk rock .
The USAF , which bombed Libya and invaded Grenada , operates the Al Asad airbase . USAF carriers transport the Lockheed AC - 130 and Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport planes .
Alpharetta , Georgia is in the United States . Washington DC is the capital of the US and African Americans are an ethnic group there .
Ahmet Ertegun ' s background is non performing personnel .
Akeem Priestley plays for Dayton Dutch Lions in the Jamaican National football team . His youth club is the Jacksonville Dolphins .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan . Although Detroit is the largest city in Michigan , the capital is Lansing .
Aleksandre Guruli used to play for the Olympique Lyonnais club , which plays their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais . Now , Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi , the manager of which , is Levan Khomeriki .
The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on January 9th 2014 and its final flight on July 13th 2014 . It was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and its launch site was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 3048 . 0 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield .
An ethnic group of Ireland is white people .
Alan Bean is a retired test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland . It is powered by a Wartsila , has a 21 . 2m ship beam and is 99 . 83 long .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the South Region , Brazil .
Afonso Pena International Airport in Sao Jose dos Pinhais is operated by Infraero .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia , which was built in the Georgian style of architecture .
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic book character Bolt , which was created by Ernie Colon and the American Paris Cullins .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol , Austria . He died in Styria , Graz .
Tirstrup is located in Denamrk , where people speak German . Aarhus Airport serves Tirstrup .
103 Hera was discovered on the 7th of September 1868 .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought battles in the Korean war . They deploy the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon aircraft as well as the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
New York City is part of New York .
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument located in United States .
The Bacon Sandwich , popular in the UK , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
Seattle is the largest city in King County , in Washington .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , but the largest city is Istanbul ; the currency of Turkey is Turkish Lira and in Izmir , Turkey the Ataturk Monument stands , inaugurated on July 27 , 1932 .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church .
A . S . Roma have a ground in Rome .
Adam McQuaid ' s height is 1 . 9558 and he was born in Canada on 12 October 1986 .
Al Anderson sings for the rock band NRBQ . Bhangra music is a fusion of rock music .
The Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland where Irish is one of the official language ' s spoken and the currency used is the euro . Enda Kenny is the current leader for the republic .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is in the order of Commelinids and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
The Acura TLX , made by Honda , has a Honda K engine .
Aenir is an Australian novel .
The average speed of 103 Hera is 18 . 09 km per sec and it has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
General Dynamics is the parent company of the General Dynamics Electric Boat Co .
Part of Randall County , Texas , Amarillo has a population density of 746 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . It has a total area of 233 . 9 Sq Km , is 1099 metres above sea level , and has the area code , 806 .
English is a language spoken in the United States .
The United States is led by a President who was Barack Obama , the language spoken is English and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans . The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Lemon ( of the Citrus genus ) is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which hails from Antioquia Department in Colombia .
Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U . S and was Lieutenant Governor of Texas . Price Daniel was his successor .
Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher are leaders of France where Barny Cakes originate .
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , Erie County , New York , where the leader is Byron Brown .
Alan Bean ( born Alan LaVern Bean ) was a crew member on the NASA - operates Apollo 12 flight mission under commander David Scott . In total , Bean spent 100305 minutes in space .
The Indian Air Force , who use the transport aircraft Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III , operate Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh .
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan . The capital is Baku where the Turkish martyrs memorial is located .
Adam Holloway fought in the Gulf War where one of the commanders was George H W Bush .
Aston Martin is the maker of the Aston Martin Virage , a successor to the Aston Martin V8 . It is made in , Elizabeth II led , United Kingdom .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata Mississippi and he plays rhythm and blues . R & B is originates from blues and disco is its derivative .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the people who live there are called Italians . The official language is Italian and the country ' s leader is Pietro Grasso .
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi which was founded by August Horch and Lamborghini is a subsidiary .
The editor of AIP Advances is A . T . Charlie Johnson , an alumnus of Stanford University .
Alan Martin ( footballer ) was born on 01 / 01 / 1989 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia , and is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party .
The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham , which is led by the UK Labour Party and is governed by Birmingham City Council . John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row , was born in Birmingham .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Ice cream is an ingredient of the dessert Baked Alaska . Cookies are also a type of dessert .
Aleksandre Guruli , who is 178 cm tall played for the FC Karpaty Lviv and the AZAL PFK .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the United States and is led by the United States House of Representatives . English is the language spoken in the United States .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States ; where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans call home .
A Loyal Character Dancer , written in English , is published in the United States .
The character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern .
Alexandria , Monroe township , Madison County , and Indianapolis , Indiana are in the U . S .
AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor who is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F . C . and plays for Colwyn Bay F . C . club .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and the counrty ' s leader is Halimah Yacob .
Buzz Aldrin , born January 20 , 1930 , graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D . with 20 awards .
The Atlas II is from the United States , where the leader is the President of the United States .
Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the United States republican party .
The footballer Alan Martin plays in the Scottish National under 21 football team .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and Spanisards are the ethnic group .
Tacoma , Washington , is the largest city in Pierce County .
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . The capital of which is Washington , D . C .
Barack Obama is a leader of the United States which is home to the bacon explosion .
Atlantic City International Airport is 23 . 0 metres above sea level and is operated by the Port Authority of New York .
Anaheim , California in Orange County is led by the California State Assembly in the U . S . and is 131 . 6 square kilometres large .
Curitiba , part of Parana state , is served by Afonso Pena International airport . The airport is operated by Infraero and is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , part of the south region of Brazil .
The epoch date of 1001 Gaussia , formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC , is 27 June 2015 .
A . D . ( Asociacion Deportiva ) Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 10000 members .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and one of the leaders is Joe Biden .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City in the U . S . Both Manhattan ( led by Cyrus Vance Jr . ) and Brooklyn are a part of New York City .
The character Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and is voiced by Scott Adsit . It was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steve T Seagle .
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941 .
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India . The dish contains vegetables and also known as Bhaji or bajji .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE , Madrid .
Akeem Ayers ' s former team is the New England Patriots . His draft pick is 39 and he was in draft round 2 .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
The operating organization for agra airports is the indian air force , with the identifier VIAG , located in Agra .
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres and was begun in January 2009 .
" AIP Adv . " is the abbreviation of AIP Advances .
Olusegun Obasanjo was Abdulsalami Abubakar successor and Atiku Abubakar was his Vice President .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland .
The currency in the Netherlands is the euro and the leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte . Agnes Kant , a national of the Netherlands , is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , the leader of which , is called Emile Roemer .
Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Greene , Maine and died in West Roxbury . Mr . Daggett was given the Purple Heart award and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Atlantic City , New Jersey is located .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , whose nickname is Alvinegro , has 17000 members and took part in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 .
William Anders spent 8820 . 0 minutes in space .
A Glastonbury Romance is in print , has 1174 pages and the OCLC number 76798317 .
The builder of the ALCO RS - 3 is the American Locomotive Company and it was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . . The length of ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres , it has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and is in the United States .
Amatricana sauce has as one of its ingredients tomatoes , which comes from the Solanaceae family and the genus Solanum .
The main ingredients for Beef Kway Teow are : Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay .
Dane Whitman , aka Black Knight , was created by John Buschema and Roy Thomas .
Born in Cleveland , Albert B . White was the spouse of Agnes Ward White , who was born in Marietta , Ohio . The successor to Albert B . White was William M . O . Dawson .
The municipal leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is known as the Mayor .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S . , whose capital is Washington D . C . . The people of the United States are called Americans and one of its ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin .
The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport .
Haider Al - Abadi is the leader of Iraq where the Al Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah .
Allen Forrest was a solo singer of rhythm and blues music and was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell , Dothan , Alabama .
" Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka and is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka . Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka and the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka . " .
Antwerp International Airport serves Antwerp . It is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government .
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are Italian leaders in Italy . The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Rome is the capital .
Mols is the area to the northeast of Aarhus .
The bacon sandwich goes by the names : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , BLT , bacon sanger , piece n ' bacon , bacon barm or bacon muffin . It includes bacon , bread and ketchup or brown sauce and is popular in the UK .
The senate in California is part of the California State Legislature .
Joseph Stalin was a commander during the Polish – Soviet War .
Aleksandr Chumakov has played for FC Torpedo Moscow who played the 2014 – 15 season in the Russian Premier League .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC . whose base is Al Khor . He also played for the Duhok SC .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated Acta Palaeontol . Pol , has the CODEN code APGPAC .
Angola , Indiana is part of the U . S .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country where jazz musician Albennie Jones was born . Jazz music is a part of the fusion genre known as Afrobeat .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County , Gettysburg municipality , Pennsylvania in the United States . The Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property and was established in 2000 .
Haputale , Sri Lanka is the location of Adisham Hall . The country ' s capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language is Tamil .
Despite being born in British Hong Kong , Williams Anders was a United States national . His birth date is October 17th , 1933 . In 1963 , he was chosen by NASA and served as a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 8 .
The Abilene Regional Airport lies 546 metres above sea level and its third runway is 7 , 202 feet long .
Aaron Boogaard , height 1 . 905 metres , was born in Canada and plays for Wichita Thunder .
Buzz Aldrin spent 52 minutes in outer space before he retired on January 7th , 1971 .
Ahmet Ertegun originates from Washington D . C , United States . His background is non performing personnel in the blues genre .
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia and their leader ' s name is Joko Widodo . Indonesian is the official language of the region and Basko is a food that is found in and originates from Indonesia .
American Elliot See attended the University of Texas in Austin , the school that is part of the University of Texas system and competes in the Big 12 Conference . He was born in Dallas on July 23rd , 1927 .
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine and is manufactured by Honda . Acura is a division of the Honda Co .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes , in Spain . The People ' s Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes and area considered to be part of the Community of Madrid .
The city of Anderson is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana in the United States .
Alan Martin ( footballer ) was born on the 1st January 1989 and he plays for the clubs Accrington Stanley F . C . and Crewe Alexandra F . C .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It is comparable to the Delta II from the United States .
ALV X - 1 hails comes from the U . S . where the capital is Washington , D . C . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country .
The AMC Matador model was manufactured during 1971 and assembled on the line at Kenosha , Wisconsin .
The order of Solanales contains sweet potato which are an ingredient in binignit recipes . The main ingredient of binignit is banana .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is led by the New Mexico house of representatives ; the total area of Albuquerque is 490 . 9 square kilometres and its polulation density is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis , United States and his genre is Psychedelia .
110 Lydia has a temperature of 168 . 0 kelvins .
Paul Ryan ' s title as leader is President of the United States . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States .
Batchoy is a dish that is found in the Philippines , where the Igorot people and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups and where Arabic is one of the languages spoken .
Amatriciana comes from Italy and is a sauce from Lazio . One of its ingredients is Pecorino Romano while other main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
Anders Osborne is associated with artists Billy luso and Tab Benoit as well as the band Galactic .
The A . S . Livorno Calcio ( Associazione Sportiva ) , with 19238 members , has the Stadio Armando Picchi as its home ground .
20 Fenchurch Street , completed in April 2014 , has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
Jens Hartel has played for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig , Berliner AK 07 , FC Sachsen Leipzig and is manager of FC Magdeburg .
French is one of the languages spoken in Belgium .
14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service .
Arlington is part of Texas where the largest city is Houston and the English language is spoken .
Spanish is spoken in California , where the city of Antioch is located . Antioch ( part of Contra Costa County ) , is led by the United States House of Representatives , which forms part of the United States Congress .
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist party in the Netherlands , and was a resident of Doesburg . The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte . Emile Roemer is a leader in the Netherlands Socialist party .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio , U . S . where The Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Abner W Sibal ( 11 - 04 - 1921 ) was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Charlie Johnson is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham .
Atlanta is in the United States , the country where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The United States includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans , has the capital city of Washington DC and is also the location of Albany , Oregon .
Alfred N . Phillips was a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Roland Desmond and was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born and lives in the Kingdom of Sarwak . He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The AWH Engineering College , established in 2001 , is located in India and has an academic staff of 250 . India ' s largest city is Mumbai and has a river called the Ganges .
Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX .
A Glastonbury Romance , the sequel to Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys who was from Shirley Derbyshire .
American , Alan Bean , who was a test pilot , was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He went on to become a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Alfred Moore Scales is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo , in Uruguay , the leaders of which , are , Tabaré Vázquez and Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez .
Italian assembled , The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to other cars such as the the Saab 9000 and Fiat Croma , all of which are similar means of transport .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania , was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Abel Hernandez played for Penarol .
Albennie Jones plays the Blues .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in Denmark . The School currently has 16000 students attending with 737 members of staff and the dean of the school is Thomas Pallessen .
The Conservative Party UK are the leaders in Blackpool which is the location of the AFC Blackpool home ground . Their manager is Stuart Parker who has represented KV Mechelen FC and also Drogheda United FC .
Luciano Spalletti is a manager for the AS Roma club and plays for Empoli F . C . as well as Virtus Entella .
The singer Andra is associated with Andreea Bălan .
Akeem Dent was born on 27 / 09 / 1987 .
Alessio Romagnoli , who was born in Anzio , is in the Italian national under 17 team and plays for UC Sampdoria .
Alison O ' Donnell performs folk rock music .
The A Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine . It was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock .
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964 .
Adam Maher currently plays for PSV Eindhoven and has played for the Netherlands national under - 17 football team . He also has connections with the AZ Alkmaar club . PSV Eindhoven is managed by Phillip Cocu .
Appleton International Airport ( in Greenville , Wisconsin ) has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level , serves the city of Appleton , and has a runway length of 2 , 439 .
The United States is home to English speaking Chicago , Illinois ( capital : Springfield ) and Chicago ' s 300 North LaSalle .
Alfredo Zitarrosa started out as a solo singer .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Khor Sports Club in the Qatar Stars League .
Bhajji comes from india , where people are referred to as indian , the currency is the rupee and the leaders are Narenda Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
Founded in Italy , A . C . Cesena has 23900 members .
AEK Athens F . C . which has 69618 members plays at their home ground at the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) . They are in the Superleague of Greece and played in the 2014 season .
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire , studied at the University of Gottingen and discovered 1036 Ganymed . He died in Gottingen and Halton Arp was his doctoral student .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War which Abraham Lincoln commanded . He began his career on March 4th , 1857 .
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvin and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 km .
The AIDAstella , built by Meyer Werft , is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises ( Germany ) ; it is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland which is led by Johann Schneider - Ammann who has the title Federal Chancellor of Switzerland . The country is governed through a Federal Assembly .
In almost unrelated facts both the Native Americans ethnic group and the book A Loyal Character Dancer originate in the USA .
Located in Pakistan ( where Sardar Ayaz Sadiqis the leader ) , the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International Airport .
Christian Panucci played football for Genoa C . F . C .
Bananaman is broadcasted by the BBC which is based in the Broadcasting House in London .
Atlanta is part of both Fulton County and DeKalb County , in Georgia , in the U . S .
There are 50 floors at 108 St Georges Terrace .
Defender Alessio Romagnoli , who has represented the Italy national football team at Under 19 level , plays for the Serie A side A . C . Milan , which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the Hellenic Parliament .
The Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 are in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New York .
Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed , graduated from the University of Gottingen where his doctoral student was Halton Arp .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and was the architect of significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco and of the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Appleton International Airport , with a runway length of 1 , 982 , can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin . The runway name is 12 / 30 and it is 280 metres above sea level .
Baked Alaska comes from the country of France , where French is the national language .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) , published by Polish Academy of Sciences has the LCCN number 60040714 and CODEN code APGPAC .
The hardcover book , 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . It has 512 pages altogether and has an ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Bhajji , whose alternative names are Bhaji and Bajji , comes from the country of India . It includes vegetables .
Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago ( part of DuPage County , Illinois , United States ) where 300 North LaSalle is located .
The epoch of 19255 1994 VK8 , which has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms , is December 31st , 2006 . Its orbital period is 8 , 788 , 850 , 000 kilometres , has a periapsis of 6 , 155 , 910000 , 000 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometres per second .
Buzz Aldrin , a crew member of Apollo 11 , was born in the Essex County of Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 ; has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 , an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 , and its epoch is on 31 December 2006 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Spanish is spoken in California which is the location of Antioch , part of Contra Costa County . The leader of Antioch is the United States House of Representatives , part of the United States Congress .
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3090 meters .
BLT is a variation of a Club Sandwich .
The ship AIDAluna began service on March 22nd 2009 and is 252 metres long .
Bhajji , made from gram flour , originates from India .
Alfred N . Phillips ( born in Connecticut ) was a member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war .
Manhattan and Brooklyn are parts of New York City , the location of Asser Levy Public Baths .
Ethnic groups in the Philippines include the Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipino . The official language in the country is Philippine English and Philippine Spanish is also spoken there . A traditional dish from the Philippines is Batchoy .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) can be found in Amsterdam .
Alexander L . Wolf is a leader of the Association for Computing Machinery .
The leader of Atlanta is the Atlanta City Council .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the leader is Barack Obama . Both the United States and Great Britain have English as their main language .
Allen Forrest ( born in Fort Campbell ) , is a solo singer under the acoustic genre .
The currency in Spain is the Euro .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panama . The Lockheed AC - 130 Hercules is an attack aircraft at the base .
Al Asad air base is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Korean war . The USAF deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
Aaron S . Dagett , who was born in Maine and died in Massachusetts , has fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and began his musical career in 2009 . He plays Trance music and is associated with musical artists Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , in the United States . The country where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and where English is the language spoken .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico . The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Sandesh is another dessert .
Andrews County Airport is 4th runway length feet of 25 .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Catalonia , Spain . The leader of the former is Carles Puigdemont and the latter , Felipe VI . Naturally , Spanish is spoken in the country .
Allen Forrest ' s genre is Hip Hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk .
The 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin and the architect was the company Populous .
The city of Antioch is located in California whose leader is the United States House of Representatives part of the United States Congress . Vietnamese is one of the languages spoken in California .
The AMC matador was assembled in Australia and has a AMC V8 engine . That vehicle is also known as the American Motors Matador .
Antioch in California has a UTC offset of - 8 .
The average speed of 66391 1999 KW4 is 37 . 16 km per sec .
The Netherlands is led by Mark Rutte and home to national Agnes Kant .
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 and has been active since 2011 . He made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for the New England Patriots .
London , led by Boris Johnson and Parliament of the United Kingdom , is the place of death for Alfred Garth Jones .
English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Akeem Priestley is playing for the Jamaican national football team .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and is available in print form .
A member of the band Suburban Legends is trombonist Brian Robertson .
Al - Tazaddum Air Base is located in Habbaniyah and serves the city of Fallujah . It is at an altitude of 84 metres above sea level and has a runway 3684 metres in length .
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on April 21st 2013 and was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , in Spain and works as the Mayor of Vigo .
Ayam penyet is a popular dish from Java , Malaysia where the Javanese people live .
Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of plants .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza , Argentina , served as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
A . C . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy where Pietro Grasso leads the Italian people . The capital of the country is Rome and the Italian language is spoken .
Michele Marcolini , manager of AC Lumezzane , plays for A . C . Chievo Verona .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . He attended the University of Texas in Austin and obtained a B . S . in 1955 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member on Apollo 12 .
The A - Rosa is built by Neptun Werft , a company based in Rostock , Germany . The leader of Germany is Angel Merkel and the people that live in the country are referred to as Germans .
Akeem Priestley previously played for Antigua GFC and is now in the Harbour View FC youth club and plays for Dayton Dutch Lions .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , in the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina where he worked as the Provisional President in the Senate . Isaac Rojas was his successor .
The ground of AD Isidro Metapán , with 10000 members , is located in Metapán , El Salvador .
The comic book character Blockbuster , aka Mark Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad belongs to the clubs , Esteghlal Ahvaz F C and Al Shorta SC . The former , has Adnan Hamad as the manager .
The capital of Texas is Austin .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a Fighter pilot . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 , that was operated by NASA . he is retired now .
Bionico from Guadalajara region is found in Mexico and contains granola .
Puerto Rican Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins created the comic character Bolt .
The main ethnic group in Japan is the Japanese .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 was built at Seminary Ridge , Pennsylvania USA and is a contributing property .
Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University who publish American Journal of Mathematics . The Journal comes under the academic discipline of Math .
One variation of Amatriciana sauce contains onion , garlic , black pepper , chili , another just uses the onion as an alternative .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is covered with poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
You can use bacon inside a BLT sandwich which also includes lettuce as one of the ingredients .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader in India is Sumitra Mahajan .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is considered a mid - size luxury executive car and has the alternative name of Alfa Romeo 168 . It has a straight - four engine and a 4 - speed automatic ZF 4HP18Q transmission .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Armin van Buuren .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in Netherlands . His alma mater is , Erasmus University in Rotterdam , which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
The book ' Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian ' is in print and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of the United States of America where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans .
The leader of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Minister . The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is in Azerbaijan .
Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Greece , was in office while Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis were Prime Ministers .
B . Zellner discovered 107 Camilla whose epoch date was on December 31st 2006 . Its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi and musician Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns , whose musical genre is house music .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County , in California , where Chinese , is spoken in some parts . Antioch is led by the United States House of Representatives , which is part of United States Congress .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh , part of Awadh and Bundelkhand , which is the location of Agra airport at 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
107 Camillais an asteroid discovered by A Storrs . It has an epoch of 31 December 2006 .
The epoch of 1089 Tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 . It was formerly called " A894 VA ; A904 VD ; " and it has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Canada , which has a national anthem known as " O Canada " and uses the French language , is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
Bionico , a food product from the Guadalajara region of Mexico , contains condensed milk .
Aleksandra Kovač is a performer of pop music .
Spanish is spoken in Texas .
The publisher , Johns Hopkins University Press is located in the United States and publishes the American Journal of Mathematics . This publication is also abbreviated to Am . J . Math .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and married to Agnes Ward White , who was born in Marietta , Ohio . The successor to Albert B . White was William M . O . Dawson , who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
The apoapsis for 110 Lydia , epoch date 31 December 2006 , is 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and the orbital period is 142603000 . 0 .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township part of Atlantic County , N . J . in the U . S .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D . C .
Elliot See , a student from the University of Texas in Austin , died in St Louis on the 28th of February 1966 .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia , United States . It has a total area of 144 . 7 SqKm .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Shabab Al - Ordon Club in the Jordan Premier league .
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 .
Marriott International is based in Bethesda , Maryland .
the legislature in Azerbaijan is National Assembly .
Smilodon is a fossil from California .
With a staff of 737 and a student population of 1600 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an affiliation with the European University Association .
Thomas Doll is the manager for Ferencvárosi TC .
Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena and played for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet hails from Indonesia and Singapore . The chicken is " squeezed " or " smashed " and served with sambal .
Caterpillar Inc . was founded in California and located in Peoria , Illinois . Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person of the company and its engine power AIDAluna .
Democrat Alfred N . Phillips was a member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th District . He was born in Darien , Connecticut and was succeeded by Albert E . Austin .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and its capital is Putrajaya .
Jazz music performer Alison O ' Donnell , was once a member of both the Flibbertigibbet band and the band , Bajik .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Finland ' s ( led by Juha Sipila ) Arctech Helsinki Shipyard .
Palo Seco Velodrome is the ground of United Petrotrin F . C .
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was put in print .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavloopoulos . The country ' s capital is Athens and their currency is the euro .
103 Hera , which has a mass of 7 . 9 kg and an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 km per sec , has the epoch date of 27 August 2011 . It ' s orbital period lasts 1622 . 213 days and the apoapsis measurement is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and attended the Technical Institute Kaduna . He worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff .
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is a leader .
Redefine Properties Limited is the owner of 11 Diagonal Street which was designed by the architect Helmut Jahn and completed in 1983 with 20 floors .
William Anders was a fighter pilot born in British Hong Kong on October 17 1933 . He received a M . S . from AFIT in 1962 . He retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka . Its offered sport is tennis ( sports governing body - the International Tennis Foundation ) and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technology University . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Asser Levy Place on East 23rd Street and were built in 1904 .
Tim Brooke Taylor was born in Derbyshire .
20 Fenchurch Street , with a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres , was completed in April of 2014 .
ALV X - 1 is from the US and Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the U . S .
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Cross of Valour for Poland .
The Atlas II hails from the United States and launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . Atlas II is 3 . 04m in diameter and had its last flight on Aug . 31 , 2004 .
United Launch Alliance made the United States Delta II , which is comparable with the Antares . The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
French is a spoken language of Canada which is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid .
Solo singer Alan Frew ' s genre is rock music , which originated from country music and has a musical fusion called Bhangra music .
Bananaman was shown by the BBC and aired between 3 October 1985 and 15 April 1986 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Bill Oddie .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B . Miller Hall , in the United States , which was designed in a Georgian style by Robert A . M . Stern .
The total area in Auburn , Washington , United States is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) and the population density is 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km . Auburn is located in King County .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia , United States .
Akeem Ayers used to play for Los Angeles Rams who are based in LA at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Although Istanbul is the largest city , Ankara is the capital of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader . Turkey is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
AIDS ( journal ) has the ISSN number of " 0269 - 9370 " .
1099 Figneria has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
Arepa is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
The euro is the currency in the Netherlands where Ab Klink was born .
A typical Colombian cuisine is bandeja paisa of which the avocado is one ingredient . The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family while bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region .
Alan Bean is a citizen of the United State and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 and is currently retired .
The prime minister of India is Narendra Modi and Amdavad ni Gufa is also located in India .
1928 SJ was the former name of 1101 Clematis .
Burlington , is the largest city in Vermont , where Alvah Sabin was from . He died in Sycamore , in the Dekalb County of Illinois region .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County , California in the U . S . Anaheim is led by the California State Assembly .
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kerala and has a staff compliment of 250 .
Alex Tyus , who plays in the Euroleague , plays for Anadolu Efes S . K . which is coached by , Dušan Ivković .
The Abarth 1000 GT has a Coupé body style with a straight - four engine and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Alligator Records , which is located in Chicago . He plays rhythm and blues and once recorded with Okeh Records .
The singer Aaron Turner performed for House of Low Culture . His genre is black metal music , a fusion of which is Death Metal .
The A - Rosa Luna was ordered on 22 January 2004 and built by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde . It weighs 1850 tonnes , has a top speed of 24 . 0 and is 125800 . 0 mms in length .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Kuching . He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Having worked with the musical artist Sammy Price , Albennie Jones is a performer of rhythm and blues , a derivative of which , is Disco .
Infraero in Brazil , operates Afonso Pena International Airport .
Abradab is a performer of hip hop music , of which a derivative is drum and bass . Hip Hop has a sub genre called Gangsta rap but has its origins in disco music .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , was built in Finland at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard . Finalnd , home to the Finns , is led by Sauli Niinistö and Juha Sipila .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain which comes from the region of the Valencian Community . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers and squid .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham , resides is Gravesend .
A Long Long Way is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain . A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press , located in the United States , and was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Austin in Texas has a population of 1296 . 65 people per square kilometer .
15788 1993 SB has an orbital period of 7729430000 .
Bionico is a Mexican dessert made from sour cream , condensed milk , raisins and shredded coconut . It originates from the Guadalajara region .
Anaheim , CA has a UTC offset of minus 7 and a total area of 131 . 6 sq km .
Al Asad Airbase is 618 feet above sea level .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William M . O . Dawson . He started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905 .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is in Denmark where one of the languages is Faroese .
The Antares rocket , with a medium expendable launch system was made by Yuzhnoye Design Office . . It was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio in the U . S . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Al Anderson is a singer in the rock band called NRBQ . Rock music originates from blues and country music and is an element in the fusion genre known as Bhangra .
Albennie Jones whose musical career began in 1930 , is a performer of rhythm and blues . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java , and it comes from the region of Malaysia .
The United States , home of Americans and Asian Americans , is the origin of the Atlas II .
The test pilot Alan Shepard , who is now deceased , was born in New Hampshire .
Aaron Turners plays electracoustic guitar .
Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia , it ' s main ingredients are , Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil is also an ingredient , the dish is very popular in Indonesia .
Andrew Rayel is associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . He is also an associate of Christian Burns who performs house music .
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem arem , a dish from Java .
The American Locomotive Company which is located in the US , built the ALCO RS - 3 .
In Madrid , the Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway with the length of 3 , 500 metres .
Asam pedas is a Malaysian dish found in Sumatra . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay are ethnic groups in the country .
Alfred Moore Scales lives in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups , is African Americans .
Lamborghini is a subsidiary of Audi who manufacture the Audi A1 .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . Frank G Jackson is a leader in Cleveland .
SV Werder Bremen II play in the 3 . Liga .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . The books were written by Eric Flint who was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Bundelkhand and Awadh ) and operated by the Indian Air Force . The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport plane found there .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association with its headquarters in Brussels . The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the religion is the Church of Denmark . Aarhus has Mols to its northeast .
Akron is a part of Summit County in Ohio . It is located in the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the English language is spoken .
Qiu Xiaolong wrote A Loyal Character which is in print and has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Steel Azin FC and is part of Esteghlal Ahvaz FC where Adnan Hamad is the manager .
The Caterpillar Inc . Co . was founded in the U . S . in California but is also located in Illinois . The AIDAluna is powered by that company ' s engine . AIDA Cruises owns the AIDAluna .
London , the capital of the UK , is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom along with Boris Johnson . Elizabeth II is leader of the United Kingdom which is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
The Acharya Institute of Technology has the official school colours of blue , white and orange and has the Outlook Ranking of 63 .
Austin , Texas has a population density of 1296 . 65 people per square kilometre and a total area of 703 square kilometres , of which land comprises 686 square kilometres .
The runway name of Ardmore Airport , which is 34 metres above sea level in New Zealand , is 07 / 25 , its length is 1411 . 0 and the surface is made of poaceae .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the President . Americans inhabit the U . S . , with a sub - group being the Asian Americans .
Agnes Ward White , wife of Albert B . White was born in Cleveland .
Viking Press is the publisher of A Long Long Way , which was followed by The Secret Scripture . Viking Press is based in the United States and has the parent company Penguin Random House .
K - W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League , which Akron Summit Assault play in . their ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , in the U . S .
Allan Shivers , a Lieutenant Governor of Texas , was succeeded by Price Daniel .
Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Amharic is the language of Ethiopia and the country ' s leader is Mulatu Teshome .
11264 Claudiomaccone , with an epoch date of November 26th 2005 , has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days . The apoapsis for 11264 Claudiomaccone is 475426000 . 0 km and its periapsis measures 296521000 . 0 km .
Abel Caballero is from Spain , where the leader is , Felipe VI of Spain .
Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir , which is made of bronze .
The Al - Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who have previously fought in the Korean War . The McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle is a fighter aircraft .
The film Big Hero 6 , stars Jamie Chung .
Aaron Hunt , whose club is VfL Wolfsburg managed by Dieter Hecking , has also played for Hamburger SV .
Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which is available in print and has the ISBN number " 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 " .
David Cameron is a leader in the UK and the capital is London . The AIDS ( journal ) is published there by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
Cleveland ' s governing body is Cleveland City Council .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , part of Gran Asunción . Agustín Barboza died in Paraguay .
Bacon is an ingredient in the dish ' Bacon Explosion ' .
The area of water with Akron , Ohio , is . 88 sq . km .
The AIDS Journal , with ISSN number 1473 - 5571 , belongs to the academic discipline HIV / AIDS .
Lotus Eaters member and black metal artist Aaron Turner began performing in 1995 and was with the band Twilight .
The 1955 Didge is a station wagion with a V8 engine and a 3 speed automatic transmission .
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France whose commander was Gerd Von Rundstedt .
The Icebreaker Aleksey Chrikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland where Sauli Niinisto is a leader .
The United States Air Force , which is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F15 Eagle fighter aircraft .
Singer Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician . The origins of Indie Rock are Garage Rock and New Wave .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch . It has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 . Its epoch date is June 27th 2015 .
Austin , Texas , is in the United States , the country where the inhabitants , are known as Americans .
The Ariane 5 , manufactured by the European Space Agency , had its first voyage August 11 , 2005 and its final flight on the 18th of December 2009 . It was launched at Guiana Space Centre and has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres .
Operated by the Aktieselkab organisation , Aarhus Airport is 25 . 0 metres above the sea level . It has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and 10R / 28L is the runway name .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and is also a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow whose ground is the Otkrytiye Arena .
Al Anderson is a singer in the band NRBQ , the genre of which , is Rock music . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
Irish folk music musician Alison O ' Donnell is signed to the label Floating World Records . She began performing in 1963 , was a member of the Flubbertigibbet band , and is assocoated with Bajik .
Asam pedas comes from Indonesia , Malaysia and the Malay peninsula . It is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and was published in Print & Paperback with the ISBN 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a maximum temperature of 362 . 0 kelvins .
AC Cesena play in the Serie B league which has been won by Carpi F . C . 1909 in the past . Their ground is located in Italy .
Located in Athens , the Olympic Stadium is the ground for AEK Athens FC . The manager of which is Gus Poyet , whose club is Real Zaragoza , and who has played for Chelsea F . C .
The leader ' s name of Atlantic City , New Jersey , is Don Guardian .
Cumberland County Pennsylvania is located in the north of Adams County Pennsylvania .
Ankara is the capital of Turkey .
Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music and is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International , the company which was founded in Washington , D . C . and is now based in Bethesda , Maryland .
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Uab . The latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " and the rector is Breaz Valer Daniel .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a 320 - page hardcover book .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana where Anderson is the largest city .
ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid and operates Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport . The airport is in San Sebastian de los Reyes which is part of the Community of Madrid in Spain .
Christian Panucci played for the Italy national football team and Inter Milan as well as managing A . S . Livorno Calcio .
Black metal musician Aaron Turner , born in the United States , began his career in 1995 . He is associated with Twilight and Greymachine .
Akron , Ohio is located in the U . S , of which The capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was built between 1973 and 1976 in Birmingham , England .
Elliot See was born in America in the city of Dallas on the 23rd day of July in 1927 . Elliot was a student at the University of Texas at Austin . See died in St . Louis on the 28th of February in 1966 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . It ' s director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F . C . , Dave Challinor , manages A . F . C . Fylde .
Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix , was produced in print with the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
Batagor and Shumai are both variation of the dish Siomay , which contains shiitake mushrooms .
Written in English , Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the US . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 737 academic staff and is located in Aarhus , Denmark . The School is affiliated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussels .
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir , made of bronze , was designed by Pietro Canonica .
AIP Advances has the ISSN number of " 2158 - 3226 " .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and it uses ground meat .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Greek language is spoken . Alexis Tsipras heads Greece which has the capital city of Athens .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County , Georgia , United States . Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the Chief Justice is John Roberts and the leader ' s title is President of the United States .
The Aston Martin V8 , DBS and Virage are all cars and were manufactured by Aston Martin .
Agra airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and uses Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III as its transport aircraft . India is led by T . S . Shakur .
Akeem Adams is in Ferencvarosi TC . Plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team .
1000 Piazzia , which was once known as 1923 NZ1951OB has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . The orbital period of 1000 Piazzia is 488160 . 0 .
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane has 560 pages and is published in Hardcover .
The CODEN code for Acta Mathematica Hungarica is " AMAHE9 " .
Born Staten Island , New York , Albert Jennings Fountain , died 1896 - 02 - 01 , in New Mexico Territory . in the United States .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born on 1st July 1976 .
The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee . He later played for the Los Angeles Rams .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England and made of stone . The established religion in England is The Church of England and Cornish is a language spoken in the Cornwall region .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Alcobendas is part of Community of Madrid whose leader party at Alcobendas is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located there .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences which has its headquarters in Warsaw .
Arrondissement of Antwerp is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp which is served by Antwerp International airport .
1089 Tama had the former name of " A894 VA ; A904 VD ; " and has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 .
' Alligator Records , ' Rabadash are the record labels rock musician that Anders Osborne signed onto , Chicago . These groups have the genre of bhangra music .
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade , the capital city is Baku and the legislature is the National Assembly . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku and has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Austin is part of Travis County , Texas .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco , a dish from Spain .
Eric Flint , author of ' 1634 : The Ram Rebellion ' , was influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
Agustín Barboza died in Paraguay .
Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas where the residents are known as Texans and the state ' s capital is Austin .
Hamilton Academicals FC and Aldershot Town FC are former clubs of the footballer Alan Martin .
Aston Martin made the Aston Martin DBS which is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8 . The latter car was later succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage and was assembled in the United Kingdom which is led by Elizabeth II .
Californian born Julia Morgan designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and also the significant building of the Riverside Art Museum .
The body style of the 1955 Dodge automobile is sedan .
The United States include the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Angola , part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC , the ground of which , Al Khor . Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman FC .
Located in Ashgabat , Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway which is 900 meters long .
Solo singer Alan Frew is a performer of rock music , which has its stylistic origins in the blues . Rock music has a fusion genre called bhangra .
Trance music has its origins in Pop music .
Daniel Gould Fowle suceeded Alfred Moore Scales .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C . Additionally , Asian Americans are one of the ethnic minorities in the United States .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Mark Sixma .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 101 Helena , originated from Canada , studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Al Anderson plays the guitar in the NRBQ band which plays Rock music . This genre originated from blues music and is partly originating the source of the fusion genre , Bhangra .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade .
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which was followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
Democrat Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas . He worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 in Port Arthur and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey .
The city of Appleton in Wisconsin is served by Appleton International Airport . The airport is located at Greenville , part of both Grand Chute and Ellington in Wisconsin , United States .
Alfred Moore Scales ( U . S . ) was a veteran of the American Civil War , Battle of Fredericksburg . A commander of the Civil War was Jefferson Davis . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which has a runway length of 3990 . It is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has the runway name of 08 / 26 .
ENAIRE is in the city of Madrid .
Albennie Jones is a US born solo singer who performs in the rhythm and blues genre .
1971 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador , which is assembled in Mexico City .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club A . C . Milan .
Brandon Sanderson was born in Lincoln Nebraska and wrote Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
The Alhambra , which was wrecked , has an 8 . 3m ship beam .
Abradab performs hip hop music which originated from jazz music and has the stylistic origin of disco .
Akeem Dent ' s first played for the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank . He went on to play for Houston Texans whose home is in Texas . , .
Elliot See died in St . Louis on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
The comic character Balder was created by Stan Lee .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Kent and served in the Grenadier Guards was involved in Gulf War battles where Colin Powell was a commander .
The Apollo 12 operator is NASA .
Albuquerque ( led by the Albuquerque City Council ) , is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico , in the United States , where English is spoken .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 , which is located at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana . The ELA - 3 is operated by Arianespace , located in the city of Courcouronnes .
The CODEN code for the Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , is APGPAC .
Abraham A . Ribicoff spouse is Ruth Ribicoff .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA , has an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 , and a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 .
Caterpillar Inc . was founded in the US and is located in Peoria , Illinois and their engine powers the AIDAluna .
Agnes Kant worked as a member of the House of Representatives .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . 11 / 29 is the name given to the runway which is 1800 meters long and 911 meters above sea level .
The Delta II is from the United States and was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base . It is comparable to the rocket Antares which launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , in Austria and died in Styria , in Graz .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th of March in 1932 . He was hired by NASA in 1963 where he performed as a test pilot . He spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space and is now retired .
The former name of the asteroid ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 was 1999 SN5 .
Buzz Aldrin was an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 , which was the same year that he was hired by NASA . Buzz served as a Fighter pilot , and was also a crew member of Apollo 11 . He was in space for 52 minutes .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 , which has 12 cylinders , a V12 engine , a diesel - electric transmission and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
Soho Press is based in the United States and published A Loyal Character Dancer . It is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Bacon Explosion originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the leader is Paul Ryan .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal .
A . C . Milan , run by Alessio Romagnoli , member of A . S . Rome and the italian national under 19 football team , is managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic and is chaired by Silvio Berlusconi .
Aaron S Daggett , born in Greene , Maine , took part in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine and is manufactured by Honda .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and died in the U . S where he fought in the American Civil War , where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and was the secretary for that state . His successor was Homer Elihu Royce .
The main ingredient of Bingnit is coconut milk .
Narendra Modi and T . S . Thakur are leaders in India where the people are called Indians . It is also where Bhajji , which is found in the region of Karnataka , originates from .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S , the birthplace ( Connecticut ) of Abraham A Ribicoff .
Aleksandre Guruli played for US Boulogne and his club is Olympique Lyonnais . Olympique Lyonnais play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York , USA , as is Brooklyn .
A S Livorno Calcio ' s home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who was a member of the Greek New Democracy Party which uses the colour , blue . Adonis Georgiadis served in office while the Prime Minister was Antonis Samaras , who , in turn , was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
ALV X - 1 comes from the US where the Star Spangled Banner is the National Anthem and African Americans are an ethnic group .
Abraham A . Ribicoff is from the United States and is a member of the Democratic Party in the U . S . A .
Akron Summit Assault , has 3000 members , and was in the 2011 season .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , which has Manhattan ( with Gale Brewer is its leader ) and Brooklyn as districts within it .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki in Finland . Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipila are leaders in Finland , where the natives are known as Finns .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture .
The home ground of A . C . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi , they are in the Serie A league , of which Juventus FC have been champions .
The launch site of the Antares rocket was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and it took it ' s final flight on 28 October 2014 .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 that has a diesel - electric transmission and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
One of the ingredients of Baked Alaska is Sponge Cake .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region , operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and public works , and has an elevelation of 12 meters .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland .
Asam pedas is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions .
The apoapsis of 1097 Vicia is 511592000 . 0 km and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 kilometres per second .
Adam McQuaid was born in October 12 , 1986 in P . E . I . He is 1 . 9558 m . high .
Bakewell tart and its variant Bakewell pudding come from the Derbyshire Dales region of the County of Derbyshire . It contains frangipane . Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire Dales .
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 .
Born in Cleveland , Albert B . White , died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , and was succeeded by , William M . O . Dawson .
The Aston Martin RHAM / 1 , Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport . The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom and has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States , which is led by Barack Obama and where African Americans are one of the country ' s ethnic groups . The US is home to Akron , which is in Summit County , Ohio .
AWH Engineering College in India was created in 2001 and has 250 employees . The college is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahe to its northwest . India ' s leader is Kochi and the country ' s largest city is Mumbai and is home to the Ganges River .
United States Army and World War II veteran Allan Shivers began his career 07 / 11 / 1949 . A WWII commander was Joseph Stalin .
The first club Jens Hartel played for was F . C Lokomotive Leipzig , he is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club and , manages FC Magdeburg .
Jacob Zuma is a leader in South Africa .
Angola , in Indiana , has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres and an elevation of 324 . 0 metres above sea level . Its population is 524 . 5 persons per sq . km .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz .
Alex Tyus plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantù .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club positioned in the Qatar Stars League .
Spaniard Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas . The country uses the Euro as its currency , Spanish is the spoken language and its leader is Felipe VI .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center .
Italy ( capital : Rome ) is the origin of Amatriciana sauce .
The British Hong Kong representative is Chris Patten .
Coming form India and made with gram flour , Bhajji , has the alternative names Bhaji and bajji .
The author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which is available in print form , is Virginia DeMarce .
The Atatürk Monument is a bronze structure located in Izmir , and designed by Pietro Canonica . It is found in Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul , the currency is the Turkish Lira , and the leader , the President of Turkey , is named Ahmet Davutoglu .
Designed by Pietro Canonica in bronze , The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated in Izmir on July 27th 1932 . The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens in Greece and was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
The English speaking , with its capital in Washington D . C . , is home to Americans , African Americans and the Atlas II .
Alberto Teisaire was a Spanish speaking Argentinian who died in Buenos Aries where Gabriela Michetti is a leader .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Mosow , managed by Valery Petrakov and for the Soviet Union national football team . He died in Russia where the spoken language is Russian .
The American Journal of Mathematics has an OCLC number of 1480153 .
Al Anderson was born in the United States and becane active in music in 1966 ; he plays with the rock band NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago where Susana Mendoza is a leader .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Al - Zawra ' a SC but he also plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC . The latter club is managed by Amar Osim , have their ground at Al Khor and play in the Qatar Stars League .
AS Livorno Calcio has the full name of " Livorno Calcio S . p . A " .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which Manhattan is a part of .
Aaron Turner came from the U . S . He started performing in 1995 and performed black metal music with the bands Twilight and Greymachine .
The LCCN number of AIDS ( journal ) is 90640840 .
Synthpop has its stylistic origin in new wave music .
In the Netherlands , the currency is the euro and the leader is Mark Rutte . Born in the Netherlands , Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
Al Anderson ( from NRBQ band ) was born in Windsor , Connecticut , United States .
Alex Day was born in Hornchurch in the London Borough of Havering .
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia , led by Joko Widodo , where Indonesian is spoken , and whose capital is Jakarta .
Asilomar Conference Grounds which are designed based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " and have the reference number in the the National Register of Historic Places of 87000823 , were constructed in 1913 at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California .
The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain , who preceded Alfonso XIII of Spain .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture in Japan .
Athens born , Adonis Georgiadis , was in office under Antonis Samaras , Prime Minister . Similarly , Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Albert B . White ' s year of death was 1941 .
The first runway of Appleton International Airport has a length of 8002 feet .
Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Jones County , Texas , United States .
Akeem Dent ' s former team was the Houston based Houston Texans .
The celestial body known as ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2 grams per cubic centimetres , an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km / s and its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
Italian born Alessio Romagnoli ' s club is the country ' s national under 19 football team but he has also represented UC Sampdoria .
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq , is run by the United States Air Force and has a runway of 3992 . 88m .
Jinnah International Airport is the location of the HQ of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , who govern Allama Iqbal International Airport .
Albany is in Georgia in the United States , the country where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Born in Faversham , Adam Holloway attended Magdalene College in Cambridge and began his career on 5th May 2005 . He served in the Grenadier Guards and worked as a Member of parliament .
Sauli Niinistö is a leader in Finland .
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from the rock music genre which itself originated from country music . Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and perform rock music . which is the styistic origin of the blues .
Juan Carlos 1 of Spain was married to Queen Sofia of Spain .
Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group is the origin of Ayam penyet .
Aaron Turner ( genre : post metal ) has played with the bands Twilight and Greymachine .
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients .
AIDA Cruises are based in Germany and operate the ship AIDAluna .
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , has a background as a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues .
Dianne Feinstein is a senator in the State of California .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka .
The Antares rocket is similar with the Delta II from the U . S .
Dave Challinor used to play for Bury FC . He is now at Colwyn Bay FC and is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers FC as well as managing AFC Fylde .
A Wizard of Mars ( OCLC 318875313 , ISBN 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 ) was written by Diane Duane and was published in print .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania with Cumberland County lying to the north and Carroll County , Maryland to the southeast .
Binignit comes from the Mindanao region and can be found in the Philippines . A main ingredient is sago and it also contains banana .
Bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which originates from the UK and has the variant of BLT .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County , Georgia in the United States .
Bart De Wever is the mayor of Antwerp .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont where the largest city is Burlington and represented the state ' s 3rd Congressional District .
Antares was launched at Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on January 9 , 2014 .
The Boston Bruins are from Boston .
The Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Antares rocket .
Alan Separd retired on 1st August 1974 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Al - Wakrah Sports Club in the Qatar Stars League .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital city is Cape Town . Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are among the country ' s leaders , and ethnic groups include the white South Africans .
" Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the Indonesian dish of ayam penyet .
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines and includes the main ingredient taro and also sweet potatoes .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in the country Denmark . It has 16000 students and 737 members of staff . The dean of the school is Thomas Pallesen .
A . T . Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and attended Stanford University . He is the editor of AIP advances which is published by The American Institue of Physics .
Aarhus Airport is located in the city of Tirstrup . Within the central region of Denmark . The leader of Denmark is named Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
William Anders time in space has been 8820 . 0 minutes .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Aaron Hunt plays for both Vfl Wolfsburg who play in the Bundesliga and SV Werder Bremen who are managed by Viktor Skrypnyk . .
The English language is spoken in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is leader and the capital city is London . The AIDS journal , from the United Kingdom , is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins .
A D Isidro Metapán play in a league called the Salvadoran Primera Division and their home ground is the Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez .
Turkmenistan Airlines is operated by Ashgabat International Airport , whose headquarters are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan .
The three members of NASA ' s Apollo 8 were Frank Borman , backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and William Anders . Anders was born October 17th , 1933 and retired more than 60 years later on September 1st , 1969 .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States . The leader of the country is known as the President , the capital city is Washington DC and the population includes many Asian Americans .
The Javanese cuisine dish arem - arem is found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital city of the United States is Washington D . C . , and African Americans are one of the nation ' s ethnic groups .
Abilene , Texas is part of Taylor County , Texas .
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 , and is owned by JP McManus .
Amatriciana is a traditional sauce from italy where the capital city is Rome . Laura Boldrini is a key leader of the country along with Sergio Mattarella .
Tirstrup is in the country of Denmark .
Apollo 11 was operated by NASA .
The runway length of Antwerp International Airport is 600 . 0 .
The NASA - operated Apollo 8 mission was commanded by Frank Borman . Its crew included the British Hong Kong - born American , William Anders . Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot for the mission .
FC Terek Grozny ' s manager is Rashid Rakhimov .
The manager of Crewe Alexandra FC is the footballer Steve Davis .
The United States is the location of Angola , Indiana , and includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups .
located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq , Al Asad Airbase ; has a runway length , 3 , 992 . 88 , a runway name , 08 / 26 , and is operated by the United States Air Force .
103 Hera has a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County which is part of California and the leader is Tom Tait . The United States house of Representatives is in the Unites States and they lead Anaheim , California which is where they speak English .
The location identifier for Al - Taqaddum air base is MAT .
William Anders was a fighter pilot who was born in British , Hong Kong .
Austin is located in Texas , where the largest city is Houston . Austin forms part of Williamson County , where the County Seat is Georgetown and the largest city is Round Rock .
Akeem Priestley has played for Dayton Dutch Lions and Orange County Blues FC , the latter of which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay , and passed away in Asuncion ( part of Gran Asuncion ) .
The Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City , N . J . , U . S . and is located at Egg Harbor Township . Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City in New Jersey .
Adisham Hall is in Haputale in Sri Lanka . Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in that country . The capital is Jayawardenepura Kotte and Tamil is the language spoken there .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java , where the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
Andrew Rayel is a Trance music artist who has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . Trance music has its origins in Pop music .
The book A Severed Wasp was written in the English language and originated in the United States . English is the national language spoken in Great Britain . The United States capital city is Washington , D . C .
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team . FC Torpedo Moscow is managed by Valery Petrakov .
The European University Associatian headquarter is in Brussels .
Aaron S . Daggett participated in the Battle of Gettysburg and Robert E . Lee was a commander in that war .
The Atlas II is from the United States ; where English is the language , Washington , D . C . is the capital and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds built in 1913 is located at Pacific Grove , California and was built in the architectural style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " . " 87000823 " is the reference number in the National Register of Historic Places .
Paulo Sousa plays for Juventus F . C .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016 .
Auburn Alabama has an elevation above sea level of 214 .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Dayton Dutch Lions and he played for the Jacksonville Dolphins youth team and the Jamaican national football team .
The AIDAstella , built by Meyer Werft in Papenburg , is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere . Carnival Corporation is the parent company of Costa Crociere .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is in Madrid , Spain and it is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian , who died from peritonitis .
Fried egg is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is a dish from Colombian cuisine .
Austin is part of Hays County in Texas . San Marcos is the largest city in that state .
The 12 floor construction project of 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York , is set to began in January 2014 .
1097 Vicia ( previously 1928 PC ) ; has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 , a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 , and the epoch date , 2006 . 12 . 31 .
Airey Neave was born in Kinightsbridge and began his career on June 30th , 1953 . He fought in the Battle of France before ending his career on March 30th , 1979 .
Anders Osborne is associated with the band , Galactic .
The leader title of Antioch , California , is United States House of Representatives .
John van den Brom plays for AFC Ajax .
Atlanta , Georgia has a population density of 1299 inhabitants for each of the 344 . 9 ( total 347 . 1 ) square kilometres that it covers .
Discovered by A Storrs , 107 Camilla has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 km .
Ajoblanco ( or Ajo blanco ) originates from Spain and contains garlic .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus .
Albany is in Georgia in the United States .
Bandeja paisa , which has hogao in it , is typical Colombian cuisine .
Atlantic City International Airport , located in Egg Harbor Township , N . J . , is operated by ( New York based ) The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
Elliot See was an American test pilot . He attended the University of Texas at Austin before joining NASA in 1962 . See died in St . Louis , on February 28 , 1966 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 . NASA selected him in 1963 , and he served as a crew member of Apollo 8 . He retired on the 1st of September , 1969 .
Andrews County Airport runway is 8 meters long .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is available in print form .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas .
Adam Holloway is from London the capital of U . K and was involved in Gulf War battles with his commander Colin Powell .
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was 3XN .
Addis Ababa is in Ethiopia which has a leader named Mulatu Teshome . Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are both in Addis Ababa .
Dave Challinor plays for Colwyn Bay F . C .
Adonis Georgiadis , born in Athens , is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and worked as a member of the senate . He attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Indie rock musician , Aaron Deer , is from Indianapolis , Indiana .
Anderson is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland and Union and is located in Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the Esteghlal Ahvaz F C whose manager is Adnan Hamad .
Indonesian is the language of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and arem - arem is a dish .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . England ' s capital is London and the established religion is The Church Of England .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina , and House musician Christian Burns .
Abner W . Sibal was a member of the Republican party of the United States and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the Reference number 80002709 .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer and started to perform in 1990 rhythm and blues . Shecis in the same band with Kornelije Kovac and associated with Bebi Dol .
Agnes Ward White , born in Marietta , Ohio , was married to Agnes Ward White and his successor was William M O Dawson .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India , where the leader is Vajubhai Vala . Narendra Modi is a leader in India , where the people who live there are called Indians .
Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Poaceae is a flowering plant belonging to the class Monocotyledon and to the order of Poales and Commelinids .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and obtained an MA from NWC in 1957 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the US Navy and retired on 1 August 1974 . He has died in California .
Established in 2000 , the Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It currently has 700 post - graduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
29075 1950 DA has a mass of 4 . 0 kgs .
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham ( now led by the Labour Party ) and designed 103 Colmore Row .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen but his club is VfL Wolfsburg who play in the Bundesliga and are managed by Dieter Hecking .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore . Standard Chinese is their language spoken , this Country leader is Tony Tan .
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans and has played with the St . Louis Rams . The Rams , from St . Louis , are coached by Jeff Fisher .
Ajoblanco is from Spain .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked in the Netherlands at the House of Representatives .
William Anders was born on October 17th , 1933 and joined NASA in 1963 .
Alexis Tsipras heads Greece where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is also a leader . The currency in Greece is the Euro and Greek is spoken . The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece .
The Alhambra has an 8 . 3m ship beam and has a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h . It was wrecked .
The Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs is the complete name for the AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) who played in the Topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
The Fiat Croma is a similar vehicle to the Alfa Romeo 164 which is assembled in Milan whose patron saint is Ambrose .
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK who play in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Aleksandre Guruli , who is 178 . 0 centimetres tall , was born in Batumi . He played for FC Karpaty Lviv and his club is AS Lyon - Duchere .
Alfred Garth Jones , born in England , died in Boris Johnson led , London .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Galicia , Spain , was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain and Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister . González ' s predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis .
AIDA Cruises are located in Germany .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland , Mendrisio has a student count of 600 .
Born in Errata , Mississippi , Albennie Jones , sings solo in the rhythm and blues genre .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the capital of which is Cape Town ; Asian South Africans and white South Africans are ethnic groups , and the country ' s leader is called Cyril Ramaphosa .
A dish served for dessert , Bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients . It can also have honey added to it .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , the capital of which is Washington D . C . and where John Roberts is a leader .
The National Park Service looks after the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument .
The United States is the location of Abilene in Texas and the country contains the ethnic group of white americans .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for the youth team of FC Spartak Moscow whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena and for FC Amkar Perm .
Alberto Teisaire , who is a member of the Justicialist Party , was in office while Juan Peron was President and Hortensio Quijano was Vice President .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , Cubanelle is an ingredient .
Albennie Jones performs jazz music and one type of jazz fusion music is Afrobeat .
Walter Baade , who had a doctoral student called Allan Sandage , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and died in West Germany at the University of Gottingen .
N . R . Pogson , who discovered 107 Camilla , died in Chennai .
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Kuching .
Located in Ícolo e Bengo , with an elevation of 159 meters above sea level , is Angola International Airport . It serves the city of Luanda and has a runway that is 3800 long .
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the Battle of France .
Akkem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans , who are based in Nashville , Tennessee . He later played for the St Louis Rams , located in the city of St Louis , and managed by Steve Spagnuolo .
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy , some of its ingredients are oregano and chilli pepper .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast . The Institute is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum .
Angola , Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana is part of The United States , home to Native Americans and includes the English language .
English is one of the languages spoken in Singapore where ayam penyet comes from .
The musical genre Afrobeat is a fusion genre and contains elements of other genres such as Jazz .
Elliot See , who was selected by NASA in 1962 , died in St . Louis .
Led by the California State Assembly , Anaheim is a city in Orange County , which is part of California .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC .
William Anders , was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 ' s crew alongside Frank Borman . Anders was born October 17th 1933 and selected for NASA service in 1963 .
Iraqi born , Alaa Abdul Zahra , belongs to the clubs , AL Kharaitiyat SC and Sanat Mes Kerman F . C .
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the band NRBQ and the band ' s musical genre is country music . He once played with The Wildweeds .
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom , where the native people are known as the British people . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the country .
Alison O ' Donnell can play the autoharp .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor , which is a dish similar to siomay and shumai .
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay .
Jamaican International footballer Akeem Priestley plays for Orange County Blues FC , the manager of which is Oliver Wyss .
The leader in Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian which is the Clerk a municipal official . Atlantic City has the area code of 609 with a population density of 1421 . 2 people per Sq . Km . and an area of 44 . 125 Sq . Km .
Adam Koc was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta .
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18 . 52 and a ship beam of 8 . 3m . It was once wrecked .
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3 , 990 .
The discoverer of 107 Camilla was E . Wells .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where main leaders are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn .
Almonds are from the Rosaceae family order of Rosids and is classed as a flowering plant . It is an ingredient in ajoblanco .
Armin van Buuren performs house music . He is with Armin van Buuren . Andrew Rayel is associated the musicians Andrew Rayel , Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed .
Alvis Speed 25 , with its 4387 . 0 cubic cm engine , was manufactured by , the Coventry based , Alvis Car and Engineering Company .
10 Hygiea - former name A900 GA - has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and its epoch date was on June 27th 2015 . Its periapsis is 416136000000 . 0 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per secs .
The comic book character Aurakles , with the alternative name Aurakles , was created by Dick Dillin ( from the United States ) and Len Wein .
The American submarine NR - 1 is 45000 . 0 mm long , has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a 3 . 8 m ship beam .
Black metal musician Aaron Turner , of the U . S . , began his career in 1995 . Turner has played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai granted Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka southwest of Telengana . One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who is Canadian . He died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for the youth football club , FC Spartak Moscow which play at Otkrytiye Arena , but he currently plays for FC Dynamo Moscow . FC Terek Grozny is managed by Rashid Rakhimov and also includes the footballer , Aleksandr Prydnikov .
The 2nd runway at New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport is made of Poaceae ( Order : Poales ; Class : Monocotyledon ) .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in the Uruguayan city of Montevideo . Daniel Martínez and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez are leaders in the country and people that live there are referred to as Uruguayans .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , held the position of the Chief of the Astronaut Office .
1099 Figneria has a periapsis measurement of 349206000000 . 0 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in lmst in Austria . Graz is the place he died .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by Orbital ATK and has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres . It launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 making the maiden flight on 21 April 2013 and its last flight on 13 July 2014 .
Above the Veil , ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 , is written by Garth Nix .
A Netherlands national , Agnes Kant , is a member of the Socialist Party in Netherlands , the leader of which , is Emile Roemer .
Italian is the language spoken in Italy .
Footballer Stuart Parker is the manager of A . F . C . Blackpool and he is also attached to Chesterfield football club .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S where Barack Obama is the leader .
Turkey ' s currency is the Turkish lira .
B . Zellner discovered 107 Camilla , which has the epoch date of , December 31st 2006 , and has a periapsis of , 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Abner W Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and died in Alexandria , Virginia . He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District before being succeeded by Donald J . Irwin .
Bananaman which first aired 10 / 03 / 1983 , stars Graeme Garden and was broadcasted by STV .
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes .
Allen Forest plays Rhythm and Blues , of which Funk is a derivative .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , Hungary and was in office during President Adolf Schärf ' s reign .
The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province which is led by Austin Fernando .
Angola , in Indiana , has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
The Polish Academy of Sciences is based in Poland .
Atlas II last flight was on December 5 , 2002 .
Albennie Jones ( born in the United States ) performs rhythm and blues music .
Andra has a career in singing .
1089 Tama , which used to be known as " A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; " , has an epoch date of November 26th 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
Juventus FC have been Serie A champions .
Above the Veil was preceded By Aenir .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team and previously for Inter Milan .
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia and is a food found in Java , where there is a ethnic group called Baduy .
Alberto Teisaire , who belonged to the Justicialist Party , was in office at the time that Juan Peron was President . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where the leader is Diego Santilli .
Karnataka neighbors Telangana to its northeast .
Attica is a city in Logan Township which is a part of Fountain County in Indiana , in the U . S .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport , which serves Alderney , is poaceae .
Amatriciana , a sauce from Lazio , Italy , contains pecorino romano .
French is the official language of Belgium .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are related means of transportation . The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan and has a V6 engine .
St . Louis is part of Spain .
107 Camilla was discovered by M Gaffey and has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 km . The epoch date for 107 Camilla is December 31st 2006 and it has an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense and is located in Alagoas .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London , the leader of which , is Boris Johnson .
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes , is 4 , 349 .
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
Andrews County airport is located in Texas , United States , where the people are known as Texans and the capital city is Austin .
Anderson is the largest city of Madison County , Indiana .
Adam McQuaid was born in 1986 in Canada and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
A . T Charlie Johnson Is the editor of AIP Advances ( AIP Adv . ) who graduated from Harvard University and lives in the United States .
Buzz Aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
The Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java .
SAGE Publications is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
The singer Andra ' s genre is Rhythm and blues . Funk and Disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues .
London ' s leader is the European Parliament .
Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup , Denmark , which is in the Central Denmark region . Th language of Denmark is German .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka , east of the Arabian Sea , was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
William Anders graduated , with an M . S . , from AFIT in 1962 .
Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico . It is serverd for dessert and can be found in Guadalajara , Mexico .
The manager of AFC Ajax ' s manager is Frank de Boer who is also attached to the club FC Barcelona .
African Americans are an ethnic group from the United States , the birth place of Abraham A . Ribicoff , whose wife is , Casey Ribicoff .
The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey , where the currency is the lira .
The Atlantic City International Airport is run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and is 23 m above sea level .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London , where Boris Johnson is a leader and the leader is the European Parliament .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , of which the capital city is Putrajaya .
The United States was the birthplace of Albert Jennings Fountain .
Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants , is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand . Poaceae is in the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the order Poales and Commelinds .
Allen Forrest who was born in Fort Campbell is a solo singer and his music genre is Rhythm and Blues .
The ship Alhambra was powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes 140hp geared steam engine .
Born in Manchester , England , ( 1872 ) , Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup .
The Ariane 5 had two partial failures .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club who are managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev . He is also a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow and has played for FC Terek Grozny who are based at Grozny .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where Black Canadians are an ethnic group . Canada ' s leader is Elizabeth II and its national anthem is O Canada .
Al - Amin Daggash was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar whose career ended on May 29 , 1999 .
31 December 2006 is the epoch of 110 Lydia which has a mass of 6 . 7 kg . The orbital period for 110 Lydia is 142603000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , India .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where Ayam penyet is from . it uses fried chicken as an igredient and as well being found nationwide in Java , it can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
Amarillo , Texas is in Randall County with an area code of 806 . They have an area of 233 . 9 square kilometres , are situated 1099 . 0 above sea level and have a population density of 746 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Baked Alaska , which has ice cream as an ingredient , is thought to have originated in the United States , France or China .
Buzz Aldrin ' s birth place was Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
A Severed Wasp , from the United States , was written in the English language .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Associated headquartered in Brussels .
The wife of Abraham A . Ribicoff is Casey Ribicoff who was born in Chicago . Abraham is also a U . S . national and here , among with others , African Americans are an ethnic group .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus , which has Mols to its northeast .
The AIDAluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a its ship beam length is 32 . 2 . AIDAluna service was started on the 22nd of March , 2009 .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has a nickname of Asa Gigante and contains 17000 members .
Angela Merkel is a leader of Germany where Neptun Werft is located and who built the A - Rosa Luna . Mr . Werft is hq ' d in Rostock .
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War where he won the Cross of Independence award and the Cross of Valour ( Poland ) .
The president of the United States is Barack Obama and is the origin of A Severed Wasp . A Severed Wasp is written in English ( also spoken in Great Britain ) .
Aleksander Barkov Jr ' s position in ice hockey is centre .
Attica , Indiana is in the United Sates .
St Louis is part of the French First Republic .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground , which they operate , is Sportpark De Toekomst , the tenants of which are , Jong Ajax and the Ajax Youth Academy .
Before retiring on 1939 - 01 - 03 , Alfred N . Phillips served in the United States , Army , which had fought in the American Civil War .
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the ground of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense , who play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league . This league is from Brazil and champions of it have included Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician and signed to the Chicago based Alligator Records . He is associated with the Voice of the Wetlands All - stars and signed with Shanachie Records .
The United States test pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 1933 . In 1963 , he was chosen by NASA and became a crew member on Apollo 8 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas , Spain .
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was in office while Juan Peron , who was a member of the Labour Party , was President .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " , they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
Ariane 5 was made at the ESA and Arianespace . It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre and took its final flight on 18th December 2004 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London , which is led by Boris Johnson and governed by the Greater London Authority .
The US is home to 200 Public Square in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio .
Ab Klink was born in 1958 - 11 - 02 .
Alfred N . Phillips , born in Darien , Connecticut , was a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
Hip hop music is the origin of drum and bass while have its own start in disco and funk . Hip hop artist Allen Forrest is associated with The Black Eyed Peas .
ENAIRE , which is located in the city of Madrid , operate Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium . The institute is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telangana to its northeast . The school offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport which has an elevation of 25 metres above seal level . It also has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway name , 10R / 28L .
The leader in Akron , Ohio is the Mayor .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce which is found in Italy .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which is inhabited by Italians , its leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital is Rome .
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from blues music and has its stylistic origins in folk music .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Austria - Hungary . He died in Austria . The leader of Austria is Doris Bures and the language of Austria is Austrian German .
10 Hygiea has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 kilometres per second , and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . Its runway length is 2744 . 0 .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay ( which has Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez as leader ) .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' , whose club is Shabab Al - Ordon , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC .
Don Tripp leads the New Mexico House of representatives .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc , which was founded in California in the United States . Caterpillar Inc . is located in Illinois .
Anderson is a city that ' s part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana and is found in the United States .
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport , New Zealand is made of Poaceae . Poaceae is a member of the order of Poales , in the class of Monocotyledon , the division of flowering plants and in the order of Commelinids .
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds .
Alderney Airport , which is located 88 meters above sea level , serves Alderney . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and is known as 14 / 32 . It measures a length of 497 . 0 .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital city of which is London ( which is lead via the European Parliament ) . British people inhabit the UK and the leader is Elizabeth II .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Agentina and he was a Rear Admiral . He worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas .
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia .
The creators of the comic character , Bolt , are Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the money used is the Euro . Athens is the capital of Greece , and two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé , a two door coupé , has a straight - four engine .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka state is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium . It was given its Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telagana to its northeast .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in the New Mexico Territory , USA .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Carroll County to its southeast and Cumberland County at its north .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , with Ajax Youth Academy as tenant .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the state of Maryland .
Baked Alaska comes from New York and also from France where the leaders are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher .
The Accademia di Architetturia di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta .
The manager of Hull City A . F . C . is Steve Bruce .
Daniel Gould Fowle attended Princeton University .
London is the capital of the UK .
Beef kway is a popular dish in Singapore , where Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders .
In Great Britain English is the primary language . The book A Loyal Character is written in English , is published by Soho Press in the United States .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured at the ESA and Arinanespace and the final flight was on 2004 - 12 - 18 from the Guiana Space Centre .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas in the United States . Austin is the capital city of Texas where English is spoken .
Akeem Ayers , who debuted with the Tennessee Titans , used to play for the Los Angeles Rams . The Los Angeles Rams play in Los Angeles , at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 .
The Aarhus University School of Business and Social Sciences is in the city of Aarhus .
Alan Martin was born January 1 , 1989 and is 185 . 42 cm tall . He plays for Crewe Alexandra F . C . and has played for Accrington Stanley F . C .
The currency of Turkey is Turkish Lira .
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors , a key person with the company is Roy D . Chapin Jr . The Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors which was succeeded by Eagle .
The city of Antioch is in California where the English language is spoken . The city is located in part of Contra Costa County and led by the United States House of Representatives .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , died in California . Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 ; he was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA .
Abner W Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens on 11 April 1921 . He was a member of the Republican party of the United States and of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District before being succeeded by Donald J Irwin .
The leader of Brandon , Manitoba is the Conservative Party of Canada .
Aston Martin Virage is a related vehicle to the Aston Martin DBS , has an engine volume of 5 . 3 litres , preceded the Aston Martin V8 , and is manufactured by Aston Martin .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India . Two leaders of the country are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Anders Osborne , whose genre is rock music , was signed to the Shanachie Records label . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Akeem Adams club is Central FC and he has also played for United Petrotrin FC who are based at Palo Seco .
St . Vincent – St . Mary High School , in the state of Ohio , is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
Turk Sehitleri Aniti is the local name of the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial . The memorial is located in Baku , Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade . It is dedicated to the memory of the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of Baku .
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia in the U . S . One ethnic group in the U . S . are Native Americans .
Ace Wilder plays hip hop music which originated from funk music . Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop and drum and bass came from Hip Hop also .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C , and an ethnic group is African American .
Allan Shivers worked as the Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Price Daniel .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and can include cottage cheese . The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Bananaman stars Graeme Garden who was born in Aberdeen .
Adam Koc , fought in WWI , was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta .
Adam Koc was born in Suwalki and fought in the Polish – Soviet War . Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish - Soviet war .
Founded in Washington D . C . , Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is located in Denmark , a country led by Margrethe II .
The Blues is a stylistic origin of rock music , which itself originated from folk music , and is performed by Alan Frew .
Japan has an ethnic group called Koreans in Japan .
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 , in Dothan , Alabama . Originally a solo singer , Allen Forrest plays pop music .
1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer and her genre of music is Funk .
Tomato ( from the family of solanaceae ) is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and also FC Spartak Moscow who play at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Wolf Solent and A Glastonbury Romance were both novels written by John Cowper Powys .
The Atlas II originates from the United States which is led by the President . The country ' s inhabitants are called Americans and include the ethnic group of Asian Americans .
The politician , Daniel Martinez , is Montevideo ' s leader .
Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups of Malaysia , where asam pedas is a local food . The dish comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ( also known as the 168 ) is a sedan . It has a Straight four engine and is a luxury class vehicle .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Mendrisio , Switzerland . It has 600 students .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located in Adams County Pennsylvania , the north of which is which is Cumberland County and to its southeast is Carroll County , Maryland .
St Louis Rams is the former team of Akeem Ayers , who made his debut for the Tennessee Titans . Jeff Fisher is coach of the St . Louis Rams , an American Football team , based in the city of St . Louis .
Allan Shivers , born in Lufkin , Texas , was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and Lieutenant Governor of Texas ; he was succeeded by Price Daniel .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix and is available in hardcover . It has an ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 and an OCLC number 46451790 .
Written by Garth Nix , Above the Veil has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 and the OCLC number 46451790 .
A Loyal Character Dancer ( written in English - also spoken in Great Britain ) was published by the United States ' Soho Press . The United States has the Asian American ethnic group .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra , who plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC . This club is located in Al Khor and is managed by , Amar Osim .
Aaron Deer is an indie rock performer who was part of the band Wee Giant . His origin is Indianapolis , Indiana and he has a background as a solo singer .
Appleton International airport , which serves Appleton , Wisconsin , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of both Menasha and Dale .
Akron is in Summity County , Ohio , uS . The leader of the US is the President and Washington DC is the capital . Native Americans are a US Ethnic group .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was established in 2000 and has 700 students . It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Tabaré Vázquez is the leader of Uruguay , where Alfredo Zitarrosa was born ( he died in Montevideo ) .
Born in England , Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup .
Aleksandr Prydnikov is in the FC Terek Grozny club which is located at Grozny and managed by Rashid Rakhimov . Aleksandr Prudnikov plays also for FC Anzhi Makhachkala .
Atlantic City is in Atlantic County , New Jersey in the U . S . whose capital is Washington D . C . New York is the largest city in the U . S .
200 Public Square , in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 and completed in 1985 , has 45 floors .
Ryan Potter starred in the film Big Hero 6 .
The area of water in Albany , Oregon , is 0 . 54 ( square kilometres ) .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean war and in the battle at Operation Enduring Freedom . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and have the transport aircraft known as the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
The epoch of 103 Hera is on the 31st of July 2016 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on Feb . 24 , 1989 and is 185 cm tall . He plays for Spartak Moscow and Kuban Krasnodar teams .
The Asser Levy Public Baths is in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street .
1097 Vicia has a temperature of 171 . 0 kelvins .
Abner W Sibal served in the US Army , ending his career on January 3rd 1965 . He fought in World War II - Franklin D Rooselvelt was a commander in the same war .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party , the colour of which is blue . He was in office under Antonis Samaras who was Prime Minister and had the deputy Evangelos Venizelos .
Rear Admiral of Argentine Navy , Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina . He worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Beef kway teow is commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia . Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow .
In 1928 a School of Business and Social Sciences was established at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark . This school is affiliated with the European University Association .
Arem arem , a variation of Lemper , comes from Indonesia and its ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
English is the language used in both Great Britain and the United States ( where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group ) . The US is where A Loyal Character Dancer was published .
Bacon sandwiches ( made with bread ) are popular in the UK where it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . Variations on the sandwich include the BLT and it can be served with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established in 2000 ) is a contributing property located in Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The area code of Anderson , in Indiana , is 765 .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States . Its runway length is 1873 . 0 .
Indonesia is the country Bakso comes from .
BLT is a variation of both the club and bacon sandwich ( popular in the uk ) , and contains tomato .
Spaniards are from Spain .
Association Football Club Fylde ( abbreviated to A . F . C . Fylde ) has 3180 members , has its ground at Kellamergh park and played in the 2014 season .
Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) was bronze and was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , United States .
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music , which originated from funk music and has its origins in Disco , while Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain and the construction of the building was completed in 1862 .
The Euro is the currency in Spain .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas in the U . S . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C .
Ahmet Ertegun music genre are Rhythm and Blues which originated from blues music .
Poaceae , a flowering plant , belongs to the order of Commelinids , and is the surface type for the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
806 is the area code for Amarillo , Texas .
Poaceae is a member of the order of Poales .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MS and was chosen by NASA in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member on Apollo 8 . Anders retired in 1969 .
Attica is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana . The state of Indiana is found in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC .
Akeem Ayers was born in 1989 .
Anderson which is part of Anderson Township in Madison County , Indiana United states has a total area of 107 . 42 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 square kilometres .
Abel Caballero served during the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain who was born in Rome and succeeded Francisco Franco .
Alfons Gorbach died in Graz .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Cold Harbour during the American Civil War which had Jefferson Davis as one of its commanders .
Built by Meyer Werft , the AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres and has a beam of 32 . 2 m .
Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United states , a place where African Americans are an ethnic group , and fought in the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was a commander in the same war .
Parliament of the United Kingdom and Boris Johnson are the leaders of London . The city where UK citizen , Alfred Garth Jones died , in Sidcup .
Tomato is one of the members of the order Solanales and it ' s used in Arrabbiata sauce .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesia . Halimah Yacob is the name of Singapore ' s leader and English is spoken there .
The novel Into Battle is followed by The Violet Keystone and Above the Veil .
Juventus FC are champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play . Their full name is " Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . " and they have a ground in Rome , Italy .
Alison O ' Donnell was once signed to Deram Records , which can be found in London . She plays jazz music and recorded with the Static Caravan Recordings .
Atlanta is part of Georgia located in the United States .
At 280 metres above sea level , and with a runaway length of 1 , 982 , Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton and is in Greenville , Wisconsin .
109 Felicitas , has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , and an orbital period of , 139705000 . 0 .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell , which is the publisher of the journal Addiction .
Agustin Barboza is a solo singer who plays in the genre Guarania .
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness .
The largest city in Andrews County , Texas is Andrews .
The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in Romania which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital city is Bucharest but the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia in Alba County .
John Major was a commander in the Gulf War .
101 Helena has a density of 2 . 0 gram per Cubic centimeters , and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The Finnish built icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov has a shipbeam length of 21 . 2metres and was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard .
Alfred Garth Jones died in , Boris Johnson led , Sidup , London . London is also led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom and the Greater London Authority .
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe ( who succeeded Oladipo Diya ) was Vice president . Mr Abubaka was suceeded by Olusegun Obasanjo .
Alabama is located within the United States .
Musician , Aandrew White , is a member of the band Kaiser Chiefs , his genre is alternative rock . This genre has itsorigins in New wave music and its stylistic origins in Punk rock . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock .
J . V . Jones authored A Fortress of Grey Ice . It has 672 pages and was produced in Hardcover .
The novel Into Battle is followed by The Violet Keystone .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer who performs funk music .
The comic character Blockbuster , aka Mark Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Roger Stern .
The municipal official titled the Clerk leads Atlantic City , New Jersey which has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . The area code of the city is 609 and it has a 1421 . 2 people / sq km population density .
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece and blue is their colour .
Anderson , Indiana is part of the Union Township , Madison County .
The Faroese Language is spoken in Denmark .
Auburn , Washington is located within the United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C .
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Serbia .
The Chinese language is spoken in California .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3 , 310 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s former clubs include Al - Zawra ' a SC and Esteghlal Ahvaz FC , which is managed by Adnan Hamad .
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire .
Black metal musician Aaron Turner , played with the band Twilight and is in the Lotus Eaters band .
Elliot See was chosen by NASA in 1962 .
Andrews County Airport , servicing Andrews , Texas , is 973 above sea level with a runway length of 8 meters .
The ship A - Rosa Luna weighs 1850 tonnes .
Al Anderson performs country music with the band NRBQ . He was previously a member of The Wildweeds .
Alberto Teisaire ' s place of death was Buenos Aires , the country where Gabriela Michetti is a leader and the governing body , is the Buenos Aires City Legislature .
Asam pedas is found in the region of Malaysia , Sumatra and Malay peninsula .
101 Helena ’ s absolute magnitude is 8 . 33 .
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 k . p . s . and its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 km .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
109 Felicitas has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km / s , orbital period of 139705000 , apoapsis of 523329000 , and an epoch date on the 31st of December , 2006 .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres . It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre , making its first flight on 2 March 2004 and its final flight on 18 December 2009 .
Alison O ' Donnell has played jazz music since 1963 and was a member of Flibbertigibbet band and is a artist for the band Mellow Candle and her record label is Static Caravan Recordings .
Bacon sandwiches , which include bacon , are popular in the UK and are a variation of the BLT , which is itself a variation of the club sandwich .
Buzz Aldrin ' s real name was Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr .
The ethnic group of Asian Americans live in the United States . The country is the location of Alpharetta which is in Fulton County in the state of Georgia where the largest city is Atlanta .
Knightsbridge , London , is the birthplace of Airey Neave , who fought in World War II .
Singer Al Anderson , is in the band NRBQ which plays Rock music . Having its origin in blues , rock music when musically fused is bhangra music .
An ingredient of the dish batagor is peanut sauce , batagor and siomay are variatons of the same dish and shumai is a variation of siomay .
Akeem Adams , who plays for the T & TEC Sports Club , played for United Petrotrin F . C . , in Palo Seco .
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base at Cape Canaveral . It is 3 . 04 m in diameter and its final flight was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
1099 Figneria - formerly known as " 1928 RQ " - has an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 kilometer per second and its epoch date was on 31 December 2006 . Its periapsis is 34920600000 and has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
Antioquia Department is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy which has the capital city of Rome and Sergio Mattarella as leader .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th October 1933 . He was a fighter pilot , who was chosen by NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member on Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
American Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23rd July 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and then served as a test pilot . He died in St . Louis .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument stands in the state of Pennsylvania and was established in 2000 .
Al Anderson from the band , NRBQ , is a singer .
Lemon is part of genus Citrus .
Jens Härtel was previously the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . He is in the RB Leipzig club and is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
Michele Marcolini manages the A . C . Lumezzane , plays for F . C . Bari 1908 and once played for Vicenza Calcio .
Amsterdam - Centrum is part of Amsterdam , the city where AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) have their ground .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
Abraham A . Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare .
The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan , where the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is found .
FC Spartak Moscow plays at Otkrytiye Arena , which host ' s Aleksandr Prudnikov , who plays for FC Tom Tomsk , FC Amkar Perm and used to play for FC Spartak Moscow , managed by FC Amker Perm .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka .
The Ariane 5 was launched from the Guiana Space Centre and had its final flight on the 18th of December 2009 . Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 .
Barny cakes can be found in France where French is spoken and leaders include Gérard Larcher and Manuel Valls .
The author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys , and it is published by The Bodley Head .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in the United States in English , which is also spoken in Britain . The United States is home to White Americans and is led by President Barack Obama .
Akeem Priestley played for Antigua GFC and now plays for Harbour View FC .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . It is categorized as a contributing property . Cumberland County , Pa is located in the north of Adams County , Pa and Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County . Adams County has Carroll County , Maryland to its Southeast .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) served as a Fighter pilot .
Asterix , alternatively " Astérix " , is a comic book character created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo .
Spanish is spoken in Argentina .
Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow . The dish comes from Singapore and is served in Indonesia .
Arlington is part of Texas , where the capital city is Austin , and Spanish is a language that is spoken there .
Andrew Rayel is associated with artists like Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn and guitar player Christian Burns who plays house music . Rayel is also associated with Jwaydan and Alexander Popov , Jano , .
Chicago is led by Susana Mendoza and can be found in Illinois , United States . The language of Illinois is English and one of Chicago ' s landmarks is 300 North LaSelle .
Doris Bures is a leader of Austria , where the language is Austrian German . Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , Hungary and died in Austria .
Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States .
The largest city of Williamson County , Texas is Round Rock and Austin is part of Williamson County and Travis County .
Andrew White is an alternative rock , non vocal instrumentalist . Alternative rock has its origins in new wave and Punk while being the origin of Nu metal .
Diane Duane authored A Wizard of Mars which was published in print .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S , , where there are many Asian Americans and the capital city is Washington D . C .
Alvah Sabin , who was born on October 23rd , 1793 , was a member of the Whig Party of the United States which was led by Henry Clay .
the density of 29075 1950 DA is 3 . 5 kilograms .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina and was in office while Labour Party member Juan Perón was president .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the United States of America and is labelled as a historic district .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan as is Brooklyn .
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a BS and became a test pilot . He spent a total of 100305 minutes in space whilst serving as a crew member on Apollo 12 . He Has now retired .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales area . It contains a shortcrust pastry . A variety of that pudding is the bakewell tart .
Alan Shepard who was originally from New Hampshire received a distinguished service medal from the United States Navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . Mr Shepard spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space . He later died in California .
Ayam penyet originates from Java where Baduy people are one of the ethnic groups . The food can also be found in Singapore where English is mainly spoken and Halimah Yacob is the president .
300 North LaSalle , with 60 floors , is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza .
1 . FC Köln were in the 2014 – 15 Bundesliga season , its manager is Peter Stoger nad have 50000 members .
Construction of 11 Diagonal Street began in 1978 and finished in 1983 with 20 floors . The architect was Helmut Jahn .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London , where Boris Johnson is leader .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by engines made by MTU Friedrichshafen whose parent company is Rolls Royce Power Systems .
AFC Fylde ' s manager is Dave Challinor who plays at the Stockport County F . C .
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is 618 feet above sea level .
Taylor County is in Texas , in the United States .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where Arifin Zakaria is the leader .
Robert Eehoorn owns AZ Alkmaar .
The operator of the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 is the United States Air Force .
Alan Frew is a rock musician from Canada , a place where French is one of the main languages . Rock music originates from country music and is an element of the fusion genre bhangra .
Ab Klink ; was born in Stellendam , belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party , worked as a Member of the House of Representatives and his alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam .
George H . W . Bush was a commander during the Gulf War . Adam Holloway was involved in Gulf War battles and was in the Grenadier Guards in the military . Adam Holloway is from the United Kingdom , the capital of which is , London .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 597 . 0 .
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region and the main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , cooking plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
The length of the first runway at Angola International Airport is 13 , 123 feet .
The alternative name for the comic character , the Arrow , is Ralph Payne .
Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and where A Severed Wasp originated and was written in the English language .
The United States includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans and uses the spoken language of English . It is the location of Albuquerque in New Mexico which is led by the New Mexico Senate and the Senate Leader , John Sanchez .
Arlington Texas has a population density of 1472 people per square kilometer and a total area of 258 . 2 SqK .
Connecticut born Abraham A Ribicoff , who was married to Casey Ribicoff , served as the Governor of Connecticut .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written in English .
Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids and the division of flowering plants . It is also the surface type of the second runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand .
The Acura TLX has a V6 engine and its assembly line is located at the Marysville Auto Plant .
The bacon sandwich , which originates in the UK , can also be called bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin and sometimes includes the ingredient ketchup .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in Madrid which is part of the community of Madrid , Spain .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for Berliner AK 07 and belongs to the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
Bakewell pudding , a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold , originates from the Derbyshire Dales . It was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 . The main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Meyer Werft built the AIDAstella which is 253 . 26m long with a beam of 32 . 2m .
Alex Day became active in music in 2006 and plays folk music for the Chameleon Circuit band . He is associated with Charlie McDonnell , musician .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a test pilot . Alan Shepard passed away in California .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States is led by the New Mexico Senate .
The Acura TLX is a front wheel drive vehicle and has a V6 engine . It is classed as a mid - size car and is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant .
Aaron Hunt has played for the SV Werder Bremen youth team and senior level for Vfl Wolfsburg and Goslarer SC 08 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who was born in Connecticut and died in New York , once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office and was succeded by John N . Dempsey .
Madison County in Indiana , United States , includes Fall Creek township and also Anderson Township which is where Anderson is located .
Socialist Party member Agnes Kant , from the Netherlands , worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands , where the leader is Khadija Arib .
Alex Tyus ' s club is Maccabi Tel Aviv BC in the Turkish Basketball Super League whose coach is Zan Tabak .
Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas . He was a student at University of Texas at Austin , after that was chosen by NASA in 1962 . He died on the 28th of February 1966 and is deceased .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is a player forSteel Azin F . C . and also PAS Tehran FC .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s succcessor was Al - Amin Daggash .
New York City , New York , Manhattan is the location of the Asser Levy Public Baths .
Although the largest city in the United States is New York City , the capital is Washington DC . The country is also the location of Atlantic City which is part of New Jersey .
Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Athens , served in office while Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis were Prime Ministers .
The president is the leader of the United States .
Ahmet Eregum is originally from Washington , D . C . , in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are the previous champions . Their manager is the former Chelsea F . C . player Gus Poyet .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th 1932 . He then went on to become a test pilot and joined NASA in 1963 where he became a part of the Apollo 12 crew .
General Dynamics Electric Boat in Groton , Connecticut built the American submarine NR - 1 .
Richard A Teague is an employee of General Motors .
The footballer Abner plays for Coritiba Football Club .
Dave Challinor , is at Colwyn Bay FC , and manages A . F . C . Fylde .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea , has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km and a temperature of 164 Kelvins . It also has , an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
Auburn in Lee County , Alabama is in the U . S . where African Americans are among the ethnic groups .
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi who were founded by August Horch and manufacture the Audi A1 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for the FC Terek Grozny that is managed by Rashid Rakhimov . He also played with the Spartak Moscow FC in the Otkrytiye Arena . That club ' s chairman is Sergey Rodionov .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who play in the city of Atlanta . He formerly played with the Houston Texans who are based in Texas and owned by Bob McNair .
Guanciale is an ingredient used in the preparation of Amatriciana sauce which can be found in Italy .
Anderson , Indiana ; has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre , and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
Bandeja paisa , a dish containing ground meat , is part of Colombian cuisine and from the Paisa region . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Abradab performs hip hop music which originated from funk music . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which has a sub genre called Gangsta rap .
Agra airport , located in India , where the leader is T S Thakur , is operated by the Indian air force who deploy the transport aircraft Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
T S Thakur is a leader in India , which is the country where Amdavad ni Gufa ( Ahmedabad ) is located .
The Atlas II comes from the US where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
A - Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and also the Suburban Legends band which performs Ska music and has Brian Robertson as trombonist .
Anders Osborne ’ s musical genre is rock music .
The Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall can both be found in Ethiopia .
Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated in Izmir , Turkey on 27 July 1932 .
The AIDS journal in concerned with the study of AIDS / HIV .
Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico , a food found in Guadalajara , in Mexico .
At an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama , in Spain .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s football position is Forward .
Auburn , Washington is part of the U . S .
Alpharetta , Georgia is elevated 346 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 55 . 4 square kilometres ( water area is 1 . 0 sq Km . ) . The area codes for Alpharetta , Georgia are 770 , 404 and 678 and its population density is 992 . 6 people per square kilometres .
Bandeja paisa , which contains chicharron is from the Paisa region . It is a dish from Colombia .
AWH Engineering College is in India where the Ganges River can be found .
Palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow . The dish is found in Indonesia and is a popular dish in Singapore .
Reidsville , North Carolina was the birthplace of Alfred Moore Scales , who was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . his alma mater was the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by the politician James W Reid .
AIDA Cruises is found in Germany and operates the AIDAstella which is owned by Costa Crociere . The AIDAstella is built by Meyer Werft .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio . The Dean of the Accademia is Mario Botta and it was established in 1996 .
A . C . Chievo Verona , play in Verona , in Serie A .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in the Adams County in Pennsylvania .
Solo singer Albennie Jones is a Rhythm and Blues performer which helped create Disco .
A Loyal Character Dancer by Qiu Xialong is in print and has 360 pages .
Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
A Severed Wasp is in English ( also spoken in Great Britain ) , from the United States , a country with capital city Washington D . C . and a large population of Asian Americans .
200 Public Square is located in Public Square , Cleveland .
Lake Placid , ew York and Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown , New York ) are served by Adirondack Regional airport .
January 2014 is the building start date of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Alan Bean who was born in 1932 worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 12 is now currently retired .
Batagor , shumai and siomay are variations of the the same dish which has peanut sauce as an ingredient .
A . F . C . Fylde ' s ground is in Lancashire .
Designed by , Birmingham born , architect , John Madin , 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 . It is located in Colmore Row and has 23 floors .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the inhabitants are known by the demonym Tejano . The language spoken in Texas is English , the largest city is Houston , and the capital is Austin .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . Other facts about the USA : Barack Obama was once the leader , one ethnic group are Native Americans and Washington D . C . is the capital .
The location of the Acharya Institute of Technology is " In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . " The Institute was established in 2000 in the state of Karnataka , India and has the motto " Nurturing Excellence . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for the Italy national football team and Inter Milan .
Wizards at War was published by Harcourt ( publishers ) .
Alan Frew is a rock music performer which is partly rooted in Folk and helped create Bhangra music .
William Anders graduated with a M . S . in 1962 from AFIT , became a member of the Apollo 8 team and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , which was represented by Chris Patten . He served as a crew member on Apollo 8 , along with the commander Frank Borman and the backup pilot Buzz Aldrin .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property of the United States . Adams County is located south of Cumberland County and Carroll County in Maryland lie to the southeast .
Born in Cleveland , Albert B White , was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin . It is located 280 metres above sea level and the runway , which is 1982 in length , is named 12 / 30 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association .
Al Anderson plays Rock music which originated from country music , where the banjo is a popular instrument , which in turn originated from blues . Bhangra is a fusion genre of rock .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Falluja located in Iraq where Fuad Masum is leader and they speak Arabic .
In 1962 Elliot See , who died later in St . Louis , was selected by NASA .
The periapsis of ( 410777 ) 2009 FD is 88234300000 . 0 .
Anaheim , Orange County , California , is led by the California State Assembly .
The AIDS journal , published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , was published in the United Kingdom . Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . London is the capital of the U . K .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who was at Drogheda United FC .
The Aleksey Chirikov , built in Helsinki by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard , is an icebreaker still in service , measuring 99 . 83 metres in length and possessing a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . It also has the ISSN number 1046 - 8188 . As well as the CODEN code " ATISET " and the LCCN number 89646863 .
The length of the AIDAluna , which is powered by Caterpillar Inc , is 252000 . 0 millimetres .
United States national Elliot See was a student of University of Texas at Austin before he was chosen by NASA in 1962 and became a test pilot . He passed away in St . Louis on the 28th of February , 1966 .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Romania has the latin name Universitas Apulensis . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis . Ethnically the country is largely Germanic .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States . where the language is English and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas , are serves by Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport . The runway length is 4349m and is 610m above sea level . The runway is named 14L / 32R and is operated by ENAIRE .
Soviet Union born Aleksandr Chumakov has represented his national football team .
Al - Zawra ' a SC member , Alaa Abdul Zahra is also a member of Al Khor located , AL Kharaitiyat SC .
Ajoblanco is a food from Andalusia and garlic is one of its ingredients .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson .
1089 Tama , formerly called " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " , with the epoch date 26 November 2005 , has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
The ALCO RS - 3 has 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length . It has 12 cylinders .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is solo singer and his musical genre is Candombe .
Artur Rasizade is is the Prime Minister and the leader of Azerbaijan . Here we can find Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , that is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . Its designer was Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and it is made from red granite and white marble .
Alan Shepherd , born in New Hampshire , served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 .
Harvard University is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson .
Folk musician Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the record label Deram Records , which is based in London . She is also signed to the record label Static Caravan Recordings .
Adare Manor is in Adare , Munster in County Limerick . Limerick City and County Council govern County Limerick .
The DeSoto Custom was manufactured at DeSoto .
Uttar Pradesh is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand . It is the location of Agra airport which is operated by the Indian Air Force who use the HAL Light Combat helicopter .
Buzz Aldrin was an American , who was born in Glen Ridge , NJ and graduated from MIT , Sc . D . in 1963 . He was a fighter pilor and a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
The full name of A . D . Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan , their ground is in Metapán and they have 10000 members .
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region and it ' s leader is Vajubhai Vala .
The inauguration date of Alan B . Miller Hall , located at 101 Ukrop Way , was October 2 , 2009 .
The building of the Adare Manor was started in 1700 and completed in 1862 , with the architect being George Richard Pain .
103 Hera has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres .
The United Petrotrin F . C is playing in Palo Seco Velodrome .
Luciano Spalletti played for Udinese Calcio . He now manages A . S . Roma and plays for Virtus Entella .
Mike Mularkey is the coach of the Tennessee Titans .
The American , Sheldon Moldoff , won the Inkpot Award for creating the Black Pirate .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood in Queens and was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District being succeeded by Donald J . Irwin .
Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority headed by Stephen Dilts .
Bakewell pudding is from Derbyshire Dales region which is found if the County of Derbyshire .
Alfred Moore Scales lives in the United States .
The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and the leader of the country is Ahmet Davutoglu . The country is the location of the Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
103 Hera has the epoch of 27 August 2011 . It has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup , Denmark which is part of the Central Denmark Region .
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2 . 7kg , an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . Its periapsis is 34920600000 and its apoapsis is 605718000 . 0 km .
Anderson , is part of both Anderson Township and Fall Creek Township , in Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
108 St Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia has 50 floors and cost 120 million AUD .
Elliot See was a test pilot who was born on July 23rd , 1927 and died in St . Louis .
Eric Flint wrote the printed book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " .
The Chancellor of the College of William and Mary is Robert Gates .
The band Kaiser Chiefs included the member musician , Andrew White , who is associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow and who is signed to the record label Fiction .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas , Spain .
Asam pedas is a dish found in the Malaysia , Malay Peninsula region . Malaysia is led by Abu Zahar Ujang and is also home to the Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Chinese people .
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders of South Africa , a country where one ethnic group is coloured people and location of 11 Diagonal Street .
A variation of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which is made with shortcrust pastry and originates from the Derbyshire Dales region .
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League , which AZAL PFK play in . AZAL Arena , is where home matches of AZAL PFK are played . The club has3500 members , and are in the 2014 season .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg , one of the battles that were part of the American Civil War conflict . One of the commanders during that conflict , was Abraham Lincoln .
English is the language of the United States , where you will find Angola , Indiana .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania .
In England the main religion is the Church of England .
The language of Illinois is the English language .
Buzz Aldrin was born as Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr .
Curitiba is in Brazil .
Auburn , Alabama is in the U . S . An ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere , who owns the AIDAstella . The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruise Line based in Rostock and was built by Meyer Werft .
The christening date of AIDAluna is the 4th April 2004 .
Al Anderson is in NRBQ band and their genre is Rock music .
Boris Johnson and the Parliament of the United Kingdom lead London , the city where Alfred Garth died , in Sidcup .
Abradab performs hip hop music which gets its origins in Funk and Disco music . Gangsta rap and Drum and bass originates from Hip hop music also .
Switzerland ' s legislature is formed in the Federal Assembly .
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta , Ohio and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . She was married to Albert B White who was born in Cleveland and who was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Alan B Miller Hall is in Virginia , United States . The architect was Robert A . M . Stern and the current owner is the College of William and Mary but the current tenants are The Mason School of Business .
The ELA - 3 is located at the Guiana Space Centre whose hq is at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou , French Guiana . Ariane 5 launched there .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ; was born in Miri , Malaysia , resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak and his alma mater is the University of Adelaide . Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and his successor was Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
The Igorot people and the Ilocano people are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine English is the official language and where Philippine Spanish is also spoken . Batchoy is a traditional dish from this country .
The company Ducati is owned by Audi .
Auburn is part of Alabama , in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , Karnataka was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai , and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Elliot See , who was chosen by NASA in 1962 , has died in St Louis . He was born on July 23rd 1927 in Dallas .
Led by a Mayor , Albany , Georgia is in the United States , where Americans live , and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . S . Roma and is in the Italian national under 17 team coached by Alessandro Dal Canto .
Alternative rock ' s stylistic origin is punk rock .
Adam McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets in the city of Columbus , Ohio who are managed by Jarmo Kekalainen .
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm and his occupation is a solo singer .
Abradab is a hip hop music performer . Hip hop music ' s style originates from jazz .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell ' s active career began in 1963 and is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet band . O ' Donnell was signed with Static Caravan Recordings .
The English language is spoken in both Great Britain and The United States . In the United States , the capital is Washington DC and is where A severed Wasp was written .
Democrat Alfred Moore Scales was the Governor of North Carolina . He was born in Reidsville , North Carolina and was later succeeded by James Madison Leach .
With a runway length of 3800 . 0 , Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo which is in the Luanda Province , in Angola .
Atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Albennie Jones ( born 1914 ) is a US solo jazz singer .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from . they speak Arabic and Philippine English , the ethnic groups are Igorot people and Chinese Filipino .
An important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of Rome , is chili pepper .
Rome is the capital city of Italy , which is highly populated by Italian speaking citizens . Italy is also the home of A . C . Lumezzane .
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1 , 873 .
Strawberries can be added to barny cakes that contain 1 . 8 g of protein , 4 . 8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbs .
Alan B Miller Hall , which is owned by The College of William and Mary , is located in Virginia .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York , in Erie County , where Byron Brown is the leader .
The Antares rocket was launched at Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on January 9th 2014 .
Antioch is located in Contra Costa County California . Vietnamese is one of the languages spoken in the state .
The Alvis Speed 25 ' s transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle . It h a wheelbase of 127 " and an engine capable of producing 31 . 48 tax horsepower . It is considered a full - sized luxury vehicle .
Albany is located in Oregon , where the population density is 1104 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Amatriciana sauce , which includes the ingredient olive oil , can be found in Italy .
Airey Neave started his career on 30th June 1953 and was involved in the Battle of France .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style , a straight 4 engine , and a 2160 millimetre wheelbase .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York City . He passed away in New Mexico Territory .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 and it was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory .
Irish is one of the official language in the Republic of Ireland .
A . S . Livorno Calcio , known under the full name Livorno Calcio S . p . A . Has the ground in Stadio Armando Picchi , where 19238 members were active for the 2014 season .
Adam McQuaid ' s year of birth is 1986 .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , in Uruguay .
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland where Juha Sipilä is a leader .
The runway name at Aarhus Airport , operated by Aktieselskab , is " 10R / 28L " .
Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) went to the University of Texas at Austin and was a test pilot . He is deceased now .
Ace Wilder , whose birthplace is Sweden , performs as a solo singer .
Ashgabat International airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan airlines . It is located 211 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 11 / 29 which is 3800 . 0 in length .
The city of Albany , Georgia is in the USA where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for FC Amkar Perm and for FC Spartak Moscow .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada in 1986 .
Paul Kupperberg is the creator of the comic character Arion , otherwise known as Ahri ' ahn .
The headquarters of the Polish Academy of Sciences is in Warsaw .
Attica is a city in Logan Township which is a part of Fountain County in Indiana . The state is located in the United States .
Ahmet Eregum , originally from Washington , D . C . , died in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . The musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun is rhythm and blues which has disco as a derivative .
A T Charlie Johnson is a United States national who is the editor of AIP Advances . His alma mater is Stanford University and his doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham .
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors .
The Antares rocket , made at the Yuzhnoye Design Office , has a diameter of 3 . 9 meters and launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . Its initial flight was April 21 , 2013 and the final flight , July 13 , 2014 .
Located in Harrietstown , New York , Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1 , 219 . It serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , in New York .
Aleksander Barkov Jr ' s draft team is the Florida Panthers .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint who was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein . The book is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes .
Alison O ' Donnell started performing in 1963 and plays folk music . She was with the Mellow Candle and the Bajik bands .
Hugo Sperrle was a commander in the Battle of France .
Created by Jan Duursema , the comic character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish – Soviet War .
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 , has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kms .
The building of the Adare Manor started in 1700 and completed in 1862 was designed by the architects James Pain and George Richard Pain .
Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in Baked Alaska , which can be found in Hong Kong , New York and Paris and is said to have originated in France , the United States or China .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Georgian styled Alan B . Miller Hall in Virginia .
The Atlas II comes from the United States , a country whose capital city is Washington D . C . The people of the U . S . are known as Americans . Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the country .
Adam Maher is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol in Austria , and died in Graz .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada and his club is Wichita Thunder .
Elliot See , who worked for NASA beginning in 1962 , died in St . Louis .
The musical genre of the singer Andra is dance pop who is associated with Marius Moga and Puya .
Stuart Parker has represented the club KV Mechelen and was manager for AFC Blackpool , He plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer playing Candombe music genre for RCA Records . He is associated with Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Pérez , musicians .
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell , Dothan , Alabama . He is a solo singer that plays rhythm and blues music .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka , where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe , the currency is the Ski Lankan rupee and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital .
Harrietstown , New York , is part of New York .
The runway length of Andrews County airport is 929 . 0 .
The Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland , where Polish is the language . Adam Koc is of Polish nationality .
Atlanta , in the U . S . A . , is part of Fulton and DeKalb counties in Georgia where Dunwoody is the largest city .
Adam Koc fought in World War I and was awarded the Virtuti Militari and the Cross of Valour for Poland .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in the United States and is located in Peoria , Illinois . The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine .
Abrahm A . Ribicoff died in New York City , New York , U . S . .
African Americans comprise one of the ethnic groups of the United States where A Loyal Character Dancer was published and written in English , a language which is also spoken in Great Britain .
Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield in the county . The Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which is categorised as a historic district of the US .
Staten Island , New York City , is the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain who died in the United States .
Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Indian Wars .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia .
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell F . C .
Atlanta is in the United State ; where the capital is Washington , D . C . and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Alexandria , Indiana , is part of Madison County , where Anderson is the largest city . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana , United States .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , whose ground is Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C .
The alma mater of Alfred Moore Scales was the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister , which was during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain . Francisco Franco was the predecessor of Juan Carlos I of Spain , who was born in Rome .
Antioch , Contra Costa County , in the San Francisco Bay area , is part of English speaking , California , United States . Antioch has an area of 75 . 3242 sq km .
The mid - size Acura TLX , made at Marysville Auto Plant , has a V6 front engine .
The 1955 Dodge is a convertible with a 230 cubic inch engine .
Atlas II originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group of the country .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Topedo Moscow , managed by Valery Petrakov and chaired by Aleksandr Tukmanov , and also the Soviet Union national team .
Massimo Drago plays for U . S Castrovillari Calcio and has been the manager of A C Cesena .
With an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 , 110 Lydia , has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
Aleksandra Kovac ( an associate of the musician Kristina Kovac ) , is a pop music artiste and disco is a fusion genre .
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault .
Rolando Maran ( born in Italy ) , has managed AC Chievo Verona and played for Carrarese Calcio .
Alfred N . Phillip was a member of the US Army , which fought in the Whiskey Rebellion battle . He was born in Darien Connecticut and worked as Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
The author of A Glastonbury Romance is John Cowper Powys , who was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands , which was then followed by Maiden Castle .
The Guiana Space Centre is located in French Guiana .
Uruguay ' s leader is now Tabare Vazquez because Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo which is in Uruguay .
West German born Agnes Kant studied at Radboud University Nijmegen and is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , the country of her residency .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and operated by ENAIRE . The airport is 610m above sea level and the length of the runway is 3500m The runway is known as 14L / 32R .
Ahmet Ertegun , a blues performer , also has a background as a non performing personnel .
Shirley , Derbyshire is the birthplace of John Cowper Powys , the author of Weymouth Sands . This book was preceded by the novel Maiden Castle and A Glastonbury Romance .
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor count of 34 and is located in London whose leader is Boris Johnson although London is lead via the European Parliament .
Vice president Joe Biden is leader of the United States , located at 250 Delaware Avenue , where ethnic group of Asians reside .
Akeem Dent ' s debut team was the Atlanta Falcons and he later played for the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston .
Alex Day was born in the London Borough of Havering .
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . who operate Atlantic City International Airport . The airport is located Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Akeem Priestley , played for the Connecticut Huskies youth team and plays for Jacksonville Dolphins . His club is Harbour View F . C .
Sandesh is a dessert , along with Baked Alaska , which comes from France , where the leader is Gérard Larcher .
Cornell University is located in Ithaca , New York .
The largest city in Travis County , Texas , is Austin .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 is located at Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom , along with Boris Johnson are leaders in London , the capital of the United Kingdom . The UK used the pound sterling as currency and is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
Arianespace is located in France .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and is 23 metres above sea level .
Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia and is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group .
A . E Dimitia Efxeinoupolis participated in the 2014 season . It has 1500 members .
Amarillo is part of Texas .
One of the languages spoken in New York is Arabic .
AWH Engineering College of Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India was established in the year 2001 .
Former Flibbertigibbet band member Alison O ' Donnell began in 1963 and is with Mellow Candle . O ' Donnell is and Ireland Folk musician .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument has been established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . It is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania ( United States ) . Carroll County Maryland is southeast of Adams county Pennsylvania and Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County .
The home of the Hamilton Academical F . C . is Hamilton , South Lanarkshire .
Asam pedas is made from fish cooked in a hot and sour sauce and is found in Sumatra and Malaysia .
Asilomar Conference Grounds on Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California , was constructed in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27 , 1987 .
The United States Air Force operates the Al Asad airbase and previously fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the bombing of Libya in 1986 .
Baymax , is a character in Big Hero 6 whose creators are Steve T . Seagle and Duncan Rouleau , an American and it stars Maya Rudolph .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria , which has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , is 31 December 2006 . It has a periapsis measurement of . 349206000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 km .
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago .
Albilene is located in Texas , in the United States , whose capital is Washington D . C . One of the languages spoken in Texas is Spanish .
The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny .
Admisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931 .
Aaron Turner , whose music is Post - metal , is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band and played with the band Twilight .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Ab Klink was born .
Attica , is in Fountain County , Indiana ( United States ) , where the state ' s capital , is Indianapolis .
In Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) in the U . S the leader is called the United States House of Representatives . One ethnic group in the U . S . are Native Americans .
Cornell Unversity is in Ithaca , New York and Elizabeth Garrett is the president . They are the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and are affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Alan Bean who was born in Wheeler , Texas worked for NASA and became a member of the Apollo 12 . David Scott was the commander and Alfred Worden was the back up pilot .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey and was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 . It was designed by Pietro Canonica and is made of bronze .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S where the Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The novel Castle came out followed by Aenir and then Into Battle .
Adam McQuaid , who was born in Charlottetown , weighs 94 . 8024kg .
Ace Wilder plays Hip Hop music which has a sub genre called Gangsta rap . Hip Hop gets its origins from Disco and Drum and bass comes from Hip Hop music .
Abilene is part of Texas state - whose capital is Austin , in the United States .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC who play at their ground in Al Khor and are managed by Amar Osim . He is also in the Al - Khor Sports Club who play in the Qatar Stars League .
William Anders joined NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . He was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 8 crew where Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot and Frank Borman a crew member .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India and the name of the leader in that country is Sumitra Mahajan .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais , whose chairman is Jean - Michel Aulas .
1101 Clematis has a temperature of 155 kelvins and an apopsis of 520906000 . 0 .
The epoch date for 66391 1999 KW4 was on 2004 - 07 . 14 and has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and its periapsis is 29919600000 . 0 .
Alan Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 and died in California .
In the year 2000 the 11th Mississsippi Infantry monument was established in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . the monument falls under the category of contributing property .
Soho Press published A Loyal Character Dancer in the United States . The book is written in English , and one of the ethnic groups in the US are the Native Americans .
Alessio Romagnoli belongs to Italy ' s national under 17 ' s and plays for A . S . Roma . He is current with AC Milan , which id managed by Siniša Mihajlović and includes chairman Silvio Berlusconi .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is situated 34 meters above sea level . Its 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae . The runway - 03L / 21R - measures a length of 1411 . 0 .
Anaheim is part of California in the United States of America .
Johann Schneider Ammann is the leader of Switzerland .
Indonesian language is the language spoken in Indonesia where the leaders are Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla . Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia but is more specific to Java .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a cylinder count of 12 and a V12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . It was built by The American Locomotive Company .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin .
11 Diagonal Street is a 20 floor Helmut Jahn building , completed in 1983 and owned by Redefine Properties Ltd .
Ximo Puig is a leader in the Valencian Community .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom and ingredients include bread , bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . It ' s various names include Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
107 Camilla was discovered by British , N . R . Pogson and it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai .
Akeem Ayers , born on 10th July 1989 , made his debut for the Tennessee Titans . He also played for the Los Angeles Rams .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Japan .
The foundation place of Abarth is Bologna .
Baku is the capital city of Azerbaijan where the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , also known as the Turk Sehitleri Aniti , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , whose alma mater was the University of Göttingen , and who died in that same city .
The AIDAstella , built by Meyer Werft , is currently in service and has a 32 . 2 m . beam and is 253260 . 0 millimetres long . AIDA Cruises operates this vessel .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , made in Singapore and Indonesia .
Baymax , created by Steven T Seagle and the American Duncan Rouleau , is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Born in 1989 in Canada , Alex Plante played for the club Anyang Halla .
Atlantic City , part of Atlantic County , is in New Jersey in the United States . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C . and its largest city is New York . Asian Americans are an ethnic group of that country .
Albuquerque , is in New Mexico , in the United States .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco .
The hub Airport of Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport .
The city of Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument is located . The founding date of the memorial was 11 July 1907 and is looked after by the National Park Service .
Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi . House music ig the genre of Christian Burns .
AMC Matador also known as VAM Classic is a coupé with an AMC straight - 6 engine is assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
The celestial body known as 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 and its epoch is 27 June 2015 .
Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres , of which 486 . 2 is land . It is part of Bernalillo County and has a population density of 1142 . 3 persons per sq km .
Sri Lanka ' s capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte ; it ' s leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and it houses Ampara Hospital .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico . Fun facts : Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader of the country and a cookie is also a dessert .
Elliot See , born in Dallas , graduated from University of Texas at Austin , and was a test pilot . He died in St . Louis .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 has an epoch date of July 14th 2004 . It ' s orbital period is 16244700 and has a peripsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
United Kingdom has the English language .
The rocket Antares , which is comparable to the Delta II from the United States , is manufactured by Orbital ATK and launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army , which fought in the American Civil War .
The 1955 Dodge has an AMC V8 engine and is a station wagon .
Alpena County Regional Airport , located in Wilson Township , Alpena County Michigan , USA and has a length of 1533 . 0 .
Alvah Sabin is from Vermont where Burlington is the largest city .
A . F . C . Blackpool , is in Blackpool , and play in the English Football League .
The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in the city of Mendrisio in 1996 .
Aaron Bertram plays for both the Suburban Legends band and Kids Imagine Nation band . Aaron Bertram ' s musical genre is Ska punk which originated from ska music .
Alan Shepard ( born on 1923 - 11 - 18 in New Hampshire ) served as a Test Pilot .
J . P . McManus is the owner of Adare Manor .
Pierce County , Washington is in the United States .
Carrie Lam is a political leader in Hong Kong .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Spain , was in office after Juan Carlos I of Spain succeeded Alfonso XIII as monarch .
Andra is a singer associated with Andreea Balan .
The 1634 hardcover publication of The Bavarian Crisis was authored by Virginia DeMarco and Eric Flint .
108 St . Georges Terrace has a floor area of 39599 . 0 square metres .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and fought in the Operation Enduring Freedom battle and the Korean War . USAF aircraft carry Lockheed AC - 130s .
The Alfa Romeo 164 ' s assembly line is in Italy , where the capital is Rome . The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport .
The 1955 Dodge and the Plymouth Plaza are both cars and the former is related to the DeSoto Custom .
A T Charlie Johnson is from the United States and was the editor of AIP Advances which is published by the American Institute of Physics . His Alma mater is Stanford University .
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase , Iraq , is 3 , 992 . 88 .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense club has 17000 members .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the president is the leader and where Washington DC is the capital . The US is the location of Akron , which is part of Summit County , Ohio .
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer , a derivative of which , is Funk . Rhythm and blues originated from blues music .
Akeem Dent used to play for the Houston Texans who are based in Texas .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England and died in SIdcup , London .
Acura is a division of Honda who make the Acura TLX . It has a Honda K engine and is related to the Honda Accord .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan . Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and started performing rhythm and blues in 1930 . Rhythm and blues originated from blues and disco music is one of its derivative .
Elliot See , a student at the University of Texas in Austin who was also a test pilot , has died .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States and followed 1634 The Galileo Affair . It comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group . The country ' s capital is Washington DC and Barack Obama is President .
One of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology is tennis .
Addis Ababa City Hall has a 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) floor area .
A . C . Chievo Verona play at Verona in Serie A .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial from red granite and white marble . The native name for this memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , which has 600 students , was established in 1996 .
Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War .
Arem - Arem , a dish with ingredients such as banana leaf , compressed riced , vegetables and minced meat , is found in Indonesia , can be served as a main course and is found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to Java .
Andrew Rayel started his career in 2009 and plays Trance music . He ' s associated with musical artists Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina .
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright .
Born in Stockholm , Ace Wilder , has a background as a solo singer and is a songwriter .
Atlanta , Georgia covers 344 . 9 square kilometres and has 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . 404 is their area code and the total area is 347 . 1 SqKm .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 1 , 411 .
Linebacker , Akeem Ayers , was born on 10th July 1989 . His debut team was the Tennessee Titans . Akeem Ayers former team is the Los Angeles Rams .
Buzz Aldrin , born in the USA , was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 .
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Anzio and is in the Italy national under 17 ' s club . He is with the UC Sampdoria .
Airey Neave was in World War II and a commander there was Benito Mussolini .
AIT is the nickname for the Acharya Institute of Technology .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 , which starred Alan Tudyk .
Alan B Miller Hall was built in the Georgian architecture style .
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico . The country where Bionico is from and where they speak Spanish .
The Finnish built icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , is 99 . 83 long , has a ship beam of 21 . 2m and was built in Helsinki .
Now retired , Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 and hired by NASA in 1963 .
The native citizens of Uruguay are called Uruguayans .
Harvard University is the Alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson who is the editor of AIP Advances .
Albennie Jones began his musical career in 1930 and performs in the rhythm and blues genre which originated from blues music . Disco derives from rhythm and blues .
Into Battle ( novel ) was preceded by Above the Veil .
Elliot See was born in Dallas . He attended the University of Texas in Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 . He died in St Louis .
Attica , in Fountain County Indiana , is 4 . 14 square kilometres large and has 783 . 1 residents per square kilometre .
The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome and The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Ethiopia .
1097 Vicia - formerly known as " 1928 PC " - has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 km per sec . It has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and its epoch date was on 2006 . 12 . 31 .
107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and was discovered by N R Pogson who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai .
The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and was published in the United Kingdom , which capital is London , the language is English and its leader is Elizabeth II .
The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is Marriott International .
The United States , where 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written , is led by President Barack Obama . One of the ethnic groups there are Asian Americans .
Albany , Oregon falls under Linn County Oregon , in the U . S , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The home ground of A S Livorno Calcio ( full name Associazione Sportiva ) , which has 19238 members , is the Stadio Armando Picchi .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF was in the invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panama . Lockheed AC - 130 ' s can be found on USAF aircraft carriers .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Rock musician Al Anderson plays guitar for the band NRBQ . Bhangra music is a musical fusion of rock music .
Al - Amin Daggash was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was in office while Mike Akhigbe ( predecessor Oladipo Diya ) was the Vice President . Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force , where Sadique Abubakar was a commander .
Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on the 4th of June , 1996 .
The MTU Friedrichshafen of Friedrichshafen , belongs to parent company Rolls Royce Power Systems and is owned by Rolls - Royce Holdings . It makes the engines for the A - Rosa Luna .
Rhythm and Blues artist Albennie Jones became active in 1930 and incidentally R and B helped give rise to Disco .
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player who played with the black metal band Twilight and the band Isis . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Bakewell pudding ( bakewell tart ) is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region and can be served warm or cold . . The main ingredients include ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
The Audi A1 is a hatchback with a 1 . 2 litre engine .
Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain , who was born in Rome and whose wife was Queen Sofia of Spain .
St Vincent - St Mary High School in Ohio is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , which was assembled in Arese , is a related transport of the Lancia Thema .
The architect of Adare Manor was George Richard Pain .
Acoustic singer Allen Forrest was born 1981 in Dothan , Alabama .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is the transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force which operates the Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh ( part of Awadh ) , where the leader is Ram Naik .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , also known as the Alfa Romeo 168 , is a luxury vehicle with a straight - four engine .
The maiden flight of the Ariane 5 was 2008 - 03 - 09 .
Paulo Sousa played for Juventus FC .
The main language used in Spain is Spanish .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Tadao Ando is the architect of Akita Museum .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where the official language is English .
Argentina is where the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from .
Albany is part of Linn County , Oregon , United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C . One of the ethnic groups in the United States , is Asian Americans and English is the language spoken .
NR Pogson , who was born in Nottingham , discovered 107 Camilla that has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days .
Alessio Romagnolio , a member of A . S . Roma , is connected to UC Sampdoria . His current club is A . C . Milan , the manager of which , is Siniša Mihajlović and the chairman is , Silvio Berlusconi .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , which has the capital Washington DC and contains the ethnic group African American .
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan , Beef kway teow is a common dish from Singapore , Standard Chinese is one of the languages spoken in Singapore .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 .
Alfred Moore Scales ' career began 03 / 04 / 1857 , he was involved in the American Civil War conflict , Battle of Chancellorsville . An American Civil War commander was Abraham Lincoln .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . It has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a mass of 7 . 5 kg .
Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London which is where Alfred Garth Jones died , in Sidcup .
The location of Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is New York City .
Sour cream is an ingredient in the preparation of Bionico which is served as a dessert .
The character Blockbuster was created by Tom Lyle and Carmine Infantino .
The runway at Angola International Airport is called " 05L / 23R " .
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 kms .
Audi A1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and died in the U . S .
There are about 700 post graduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology .
The runway length at Afonso Pena International Airport , located in São José dos Pinhais , is 2215 . 0 .
Paul Kupperberg and Eisner Award winning Jan Duursema are the creators of the comic book character Arion , also know as Ahri ' ahn .
Atlantic City , in New Jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The architect of 200 Public Square is HOK .
Abdul Taib Mahmud is in the region of Asajaya .
Aaron S Daggett ( of Maine ) fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart . He died in West Roxbury .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and comes from the U . S .
107 Camilla was discovered by N . R . Pogson , who died in Chennai .
United States national Abraham A . Ribicoff ( died in the U . S . ) was married to Chicago born Casey Ribicoff . An ethnic group in the United States are African Americans .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and is 178 cm high . He plays for the AS Lyon - Duchère and the Karpaty Lviv FC .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and is signed to the record label of Floating World Records .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie 2014 - 15 .
Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War , which Adam Holloway was part of . Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards in the military , and began his career on 5th May 2005 .
The comic character of Auron has the full name Lambien . He was created by Walt Simonson and the American , Karl Kesel .
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the leader is Najib Razak .
Akeem Priestley plays for Antigua GFC .
Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium the local language is Dutch and it ' s leader is Charles Michel , the airport in Antwerp is Antwerp International airport .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and is a member of the United Petrotrin F . C . club who play in Palo Seco .
Sausage is a main ingredient of Bacon Explosion .
Amsterdam Airport Schuphol is 3 . 3528 below sea level , has a runway that ' s 2 , 014 long and serves Amsterdam .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Karnataka . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . Telangana is to the northeast of Karnataka .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which has the ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Carmine Infantino .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and became a test pilot who was chosen by NASA in 1962 .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland on 22 September 1856 .
The Acharya Institute is located in Bangalore . It was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education , which is located in Mumbai .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in the Nigerian Air Force ; where Sadique Abubakar is the commander .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia on May 5th 1936 . He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represented Kota Samarahan . He lives in Kuching .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and its epoch is on 31 December 2006 .
Alex Plante , who was born in Canada , played for the club Anyang Halla .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who originated from Canada and died of peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
Alex Tyus weighs 99 . 792 kilograms .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , Hungary and died in Graz , Austria , the leader of which , is Doris Bures .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which in turn is part of Akita Prefecture . , Japan . Located in Japan are an ethnic group of Chinese people .
Austin Texas is part of Williamson County ( county seat : Georgetown ) , whose largest city is Round Rock . Houston is the largest city in Texas .
Agnes Kant ' s Alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen .
The layout of the Acura TLX is one of front engine design .
Born in the Netherlands , Ab Klink , attended Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
HIV is part of the family Retrovirus .
Cleveland born Albert D White was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who was born in Bloomington , Maryland and died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Andrew Rayel has performs Trance Music and began his career in 2009 . He is associated with Christian Burns and Arman van Buuren , musicians .
Avocado , part of the Lauraceae family , is one of the ingredients of Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian dish from the Antooquia Department region .
Akeem Priestley , whose club is Harbour View FC , plays for Sheikh Russel KC .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Switzerland ( which leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann ) . It was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Aaron Hunt , who played for Hamburger SV , belongs to the youthclub SV Werder Bremen and plays for the German national youth football team .
Bhajji originates from India , where T . S . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders .
Coconut milk is an ingredient in Binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , and a cookie is another dessert .
Alex Tyus plays for Anadolu Efes SK in the Turkish Basketball Super League .
The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3078 . 48 .
Aaron Deer plays the piano , and his musical genre is indie rock . The stylistic origin of indie rock is new wave music .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where Putrajava is the capital and the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group .
Retiree Buzz Aldrin joined NASA in 1963 .
The comic character , Blockbuster ( a . k . a . Mark Desmond ) was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle .
Alan Shepard , who attended NWC , M . A . in 1957 , died in California on July 21 , 1998 .
There are 600 students at the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio .
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace . It was launched by ELA - 3 , having its maiden flight on 9th March 2008 . Its final flight took place on 18th of December 2009 .
The Aston Martin DBS was succeeded by a V8 version .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , which includes many Asian Americans .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama . Its runway name is 18L / 36R and it is 4349 long .
The wrecked Alhambra had a beam of 8 . 3m and a top speed of 18 . 52 .
Keyboard player , Aaron Deer is a performer of the music genre Indie rock which has its stylistic origins in Garage rock . Aaron Deer has been signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars which is located in Portland , Oregon .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for FC Amkar Perm , which was managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev . He has also represented FC Terek Grozny , whose ground is in Grozny , as well as playing for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth side .
Akeen Ayers was drafted in round 2 and used to play for the St , Louis Rams .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Madrid , which is part of the community known by the same name .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monacacy National Battlefield in Frederick , Maryland .
Aaron Turner is a performer in black metal music . A musical fusion of black metal is called death metal .
Albany , Georgia is located in Dougherty County in the United States . The President is the leader of the United States ; where Americans and Native Americans live .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 in a Romanesque Revival style , are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street . The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 , with reference number 80002709 .
Akron Summit Assault ' s chairman is Dave Laughlin .
English is the language of the United States , where the leader is President Barack Obama . 250 Delaware Avenue is an address located in the United States .
Livorno Calcio S . p . A . , abbreviated to A . S . Livorno Calcio , has 19238 members and has the ground Stadio Armando Picchi .
Maryland ' s Frederick County is found to the southwest of Pennsylvania ' s Adams County .
Antioch in California has a UTC offset of - 8 , and the area code 925 . With a total area of 75 . 324 square km , Antioach has a population of 102372 , and the postal codes 94509 and 94531 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , born in Miri , Malaysia , resides in Sarawak ; he represented Balingan and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The launch site of the Antares rocket was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and it made its final voyage on September 18 , 2013 .
Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia where Asam pedas is a local food .
The novel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ( authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint ) is followed by Ring of Fire II , which was written in English . This book was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette II .
Joe Biden is the United States leader .
Alan Shepard was born in November 18th 1923 in New Hampshire . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan was on the crew of Apollo 14 before he died in California .
Acharya Institute of Technology can be found in India .
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members .
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner was a member of the black metal band , Twilight and also Sumac . Death metal is a black metal fusion .
Andrew Rayel , who performs trance music , has been associated with the musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . Trance music has its origins in house music .
The Canadian James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera which has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . He studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Alison O ' Donnell is associated with Bajik .
Angola , Indiana has a total area of 16 . 55 sq km and a population density of 524 . 5 inhabitants per sq km .
Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Texas , a part of Jones County , Texas , in the United States .
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan .
The full name of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl . It was a part of the 2014 – 15 Lega Pro season and has 5300 members .
The Marriott International is located in Bethseda , Maryland .
The nickname of Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Alvinegro " .
The fried chicken dish Ayam Penyet is from Malaysia and Java . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java .
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
The Antares rocket built by Orbital ATK for medium expendable launch system and it was launched in Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Akeem Priestley , who played for Sheikh Russel KC , is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club . The manager of the Orange County Blues FC is Oliver Wyss .
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon and is located in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC .
Alan Frew comes from Canada where the French language is spoken .
11 Diagonal Street , which is owned by Redefine Properties Limited , has 20 floors .
Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a total area of 490 . 9 sq km which includes a land area of 486 . 2 sq km . The population density is 1142 . 3 people per sq km .
Atlantic City is in the state of New Jersey , United States , where the Trenton is the capital .
Bionico has the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins and can be found in Guadalajara , Mexico .
The leader of Denmark is called Lars Lokke Rasmussen and in Denmark they speak the Faroese language . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region and Aarhus Airport is located there .
Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 above sea level and the 4th runway has a length of 25 feet .
The beam of the AIDAluna is 32 . 2m .
A . F . C . Fylde ground is Warton Fylde .
Solo singer Allen Forrest plays hip hop music . The genre derived from funk music and in turn helped spin - off drum and bass .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . , where Joe Biden is a leader and Asian Americans are one of its ethnic groups .
The population of Antioch , California is 102372 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff is a member of the United States Democratic Party .
The United States is the location of Albany , Oregon , and uses the English language .
Austin , Texas , covers an area of 703 . 95 square kilometres , 686 of which is land . The area codes for Austin are 512 and 737 and it has a population of 1296 . 65 people per sq km .
Plantain is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa , which comes from the Antioquia Department of Colombia .
Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia whose leader is Joko Widodo . Bakso is a dish from that country .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette II .
The Atlas II was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . It has a diameter of 3 . 04m and it ' s final flight was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International Airport . This airport has a runway length of 3048 metres and a runway named " 13 / 31 " .
Meyer Werft built the AIDAstella which has a top speed of 28 . 892 km / hr . It is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and is operated by AIDA Cruises .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a Fighter pilot crew member on Apollo 8 , where Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot . Frank Borman was a crewman aboard Apollo 8 operated by NASA .
Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio .
Aaron S . Daggett , fought in the Battle of Salem Church and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Angola , Indiana is located in the United States and one ethnic group there is Asian Americans .
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina .
The ground of Akron Summit Assault , is at St Vincent - St Mary High School . The school is located in Akron , Ohio ( which is led by Dan Horrigan ) , in the United states .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce , can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " .
Gérard Larcher and Manuel Valls are leaders in France which is where Baked Alaska is said to come from . However it is also said to come from the New York region .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe . The leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando .
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J . Davis was Vice President .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the President , and its capital city is Washington D . C . Americans inhabit the U . S . , with a sub - group being the Asian Americans .
The Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are related . The Aston Martin V8 is made in Newport Pagnell by Aston Martin and contains a 5 . 3 l engine . The Aston Martin Virage succeeded it .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority Headquarters is the Jinnah International Airport .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a book from the United States . The country speaks predominently English ( like Great Britain ) and it ' s previous leader was Barack Obama . The US also has many Asian Americans .
With a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , Anaheim , California , has the UTC offset of - 8 and the area code , 657 .
Alex Tyus belongs to the Pallacanestro Cantu club , which is in the Euroleague .
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University . It comes under the academic discipline of Management and has the abbreviation Admin . Sci . Q . .
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders in South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located and the white South Africans are one of the ethnic groups .
Romania ' s ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and the country is led by Klaus Iohannis . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania which has Bucharest as its capital . The Latin name for the school is Universitas Apulensis and it can be found in the state of Alba .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as fighter pilot on Apollo 8 with Buzz Aldrin as a backup pilot . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA .
Adam Koc received the award Officer ' s Star Parasol .
AS Gubbio have their home ground in Italy where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders . The official language of the Italian people is Italian .
Dallas born test pilot Elloit See ( born 23rd of July 1927 ) attended the University of Texas at Austin . He died in St Louis on 28th of February 1966 .
Garlic is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce ( found in Italy ) , which can also have oregano added to it .
Located in Uttar Pradesh , Agra Airport has the ATA location identifier AGR .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination en Belgium , where they speak french .
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre . Synthpop is a musical derivative of house music and originated from Disco .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka in Ampara Distract . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States and is written in the English language ( spoken in Great Britain ) . Asian Americans live in the United States .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where the language is Greek , the currency is the euro and its leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Abner is a footballer who once played for Real Madrid Castilla under their manager Luis Miguel Ramis , but now plays for the Brazilian national under 17 football .
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae . The runway name is 03L / 21R and it has a length of 597 . 0 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is an executive class car with a Straight four engine and a Sedan body style . The alternative name of the Alfa Romeo 164 is the Alfa Romeo 168 .
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Adenan Satem was in office during the time Abdul Taib Mahmud was Vice President .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the President .
Atlas II comes from the US where the President is the leader and where the ethnic groups include African Americans .
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo , New York , Erie County which is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
The latin name of School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " .
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka . In the Eastern Province of the country Austin Fernando is the leader . Also in that region is Ampara Hospital located in the Ampara District .
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of the Atlas II , which originates from the United States . The Atlas II was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
James Craig Watson , whose alma mater was the University of Michigan , discovered 103 Hera .
William Anders was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Barny cakes contain 4 . 8 g of fat and have 18 g of carbohydrates .
Adare Manor is in Adare , part of Munster in County Limmerick .
The Asians are an ethnic group in the United States which uses the English language . The leader of the country is Joe Biden who has the title of President . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis is on the 31st of July 2016 . It has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel , born in Chisinau , Moldova , began his career in 2009 . He is associated with musician Mark Sima and Christian Burns .
The city of Aarhus in Denmark is served by an airport callled Aarhus Airport operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . Runway 10L / 28R is the longest runway there at a length of 2702 and is 25m above sea level .
Born in Georgia , Vermont , Alvah Sabin , worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
Alan Martin previously played football for the Scotland national under 19 team and currently for Clyde FC at the Broadwood Stadium .
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport . It ' s maiden flight was on April 21st 2013 and the last one was on July 13th 2014 .
The area codes in Albuquerque , New Mexico are 505 and 575 .
The wheelbase of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is 2160 . 0 millimetres . Its production started in the Year 1958 .
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th 1989 and has played linebacker for the Tennessee Titans and the Los Angeles Rams .
The total area of the city Auburn , in Alabama , is 140 . 8 square kilometres .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in the County of Tyrol . He died in Graz , Austria and during his life was a member of the Austrian People ' s Party .
Abner was born 30th May 1996 and played for the Real Madrid Castilla and the Brazilian national under 17 football teams .
3Arena is 28 . 0 metres high .
An exponent of Rhythm and blues , Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Kornelije Kovac and is an artist for the band K2 .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita .
The Addiction Journal , ISSN number 1360 - 0443 , is published by Wiley - Blackwell , whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , and the Euro is the currency .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and the country includes many Asian Americans . This book is written in English , which is the language of Great Britain .
The Jackson Dolphins are based in the city of Jacksonville , Florida .
American Indie rock singer Aaron Deer , of Indiana , is a member of John Wilkes Booze .
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and followed by Into Battle .
With an orbit of 1516 . 6700000000003 days , 101 Helena , was discovered by James Craig Watson . A Canadian , his alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison , Wisconsin .
James Craig Watson , a Canadian National , discovered 101 Helena . He died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Banyumasan people , one of the ethnic groups found in Java , in the region of Malaysia eat Ayam penyet .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and was part of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
The apoapsis for ( 15788 ) 1993 SB is 7715100000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The Navajo language , is one of the languages spoken in New Mexico .
American Elliot See ( born on 07 / 23 / 1927 ) attended the University of Texas at Austin who were affiliated to the University of Texas System and who also competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin .
Auburn is part of King County , Washington , United States .
The head of state of the United States is known as the President . This country is home to the Severed Wasp .
A Severed Wasp was published by Farrar , Straus , and Giroux .
Allan Shiver , who was born in Lufkin , Texas , served in the Democratic Party in the US . He was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and his successor was Price Daniel .
Aaron Turner , born in Massachusetts , started performing in 1995 . He played Progressive metal music for the Twilight and Lotus Eaters bands .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for the El Salvador national football team .
Alfons Gorbach was in office during Austrian - Hungarian born , President Adolf Schärf ' s reign .
Akeem Dent , who debuted with the Atlanta Falcons , has played with the Houston based , Houston Texans . The Atlanta Falcons are owned by Arthur Blank .
Ajoblanco includes the ingredient almonds , which are from the Rosaceae family , are members of the Rosales order and are from the order Rosids .
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the builder of the American submarine NR - 1 .
Alaa Adbul Zahra ' s former clubs include Al Merrikh SC and Al Kharaitiyat , the latter of which play their home games in the Qatar Stars League at Al Khor . The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim .
Adnan Hamad manages Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . , the club Ahmad Kadhim Assad , used to play for . Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F . C . , which play in Iran Football ' s 3rd Division .
The California State Senate leads Anaheim , California which is part of the State Legislature . The total area of Anaheim is 131 . 6 sq km and it is located in the United States .
Alkmaar " AZ " Zaanstreek , the 17023 member strong club , played in the Eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
In Al Anbar Province , Iraq , there is an Airbase called Al Asad Airbase . It ' s ICAO location identifies is ORAA , and it is operated by the United States Air Force . It is has a runway with a length of 3 , 990 .
KABI is the ICAO location identifier of Abilene Regional Airport .
Kempe Gowda I founded Bangalore .
Scott Adsit voiced the character Baymax which was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle .
The United States Whig Party is led by Daniel Webster .
A popular dish in Malaysia , Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
One of the ethnic groups in England is the British Arabs . The capital of England is London and England is also the home of Dead Mans Plack .
Queen Sofia of Spain is the wife of Juan Carlos I of Spain .
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . and is written in English . An ethnic group in the U . S . is white Americans .
Auburn , Alabama has a population density of 368 . 65 people per sq km , a total area of 140 . 8 sq km and is located 214 above sea level .
The United States , which is led by a President is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue . Joe Biden is a leader in the country and John Roberts is the Chief Justice .
Chicharron is from the Andalusia region .
Audi A1 has a front - engine with front - wheel - drive .
The AIDAluna , 252 metres long , was christened on 2009 - 04 - 04 and had her maiden voyage on March 22nd 2009 .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio .
The Delta II , launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 , originates from the United States and is comparable to the Antares rocket .
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm and records for EMI records .
Electronic musician Alex Day is part of Chameleon Circuit and associated with artist , Andrew Rayel .
Boris Johnson is a leader in London , the city where English born , Alfred Garth Jones , died .
AIDA Cruises own the AIDAluna which was built by Meyer Werft and is 252 m long . It ' s ship beam is 32 . 2 long .
Albert Jennings Fountain ' s birthplace was the U . S . and he died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s place of birth was Connecticut and he died in New York City . He worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and was succeeded by John N . Dempsey .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , in the US . Amarillo is part of Randall County , Texas , where Canyon is the county seat .
Aaron Turner is a performer of the musical genre Post metal .
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . He worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey .
Wizards at War preceded A Wizard of Mars .
Alpharetta , Georgia and the Washington D . C . capital , are part of the United States , home of Native Americans .
Joe Biden is one of the leaders of the United States where the Bacon Explosion comes from .
Adam McQuaid , who weighs 94 . 8024 kg , was born in Canada in 1986 .
Alexandria , Indiana is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County . Indiana ' s capital is Indianapolis and it is located in the United States .
The leader of London is the European Parliament .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , in England . The Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader of Manchester .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil which was previously won by the Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
The publication Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . It has an ISSN number of 1588 - 2632 , LCCN number 83646315 and CODEN code of AMAHE9 .
The United States Air Force fought in the Korean War , bombed Libya in 1986 and operates Al Asad airbase .
The AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV and studies HIV / AIDS . It was first published in 1987 and has an ISSN number of 0269 - 9370 .
Alan Shepherd was born in New Hampshire , graduated from NWC in 1957 , and died in California .
Bakso is made in China , contains noodles and is also found in a region in Indonesia .
Alan Martin played football for Leeds United F . C .
Alfred N Phillips , who was born in Darien Connecticut , worked at the United States House of Representatives .
Poaceae is in the order of Commelinids , the class of Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants . It forms the surface to the 1st runway at Alderney airport .
Buzz Aldrin is united states citizen whose leader is Joe Biden .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is a part of Dupage County , Illinois .
Batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , is mainly comprised of noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Adam Koc fought in World War I .
Antwerp International Airport which has a runway length of 600 . 0 is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government .
The Atlass II came from the US where Native Americans are an ethnic group and Washington DC is the capital .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission . Its length is 17068 . 8 millimetres and it was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , India . It was established in the year 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest . The leader of Kerala is Kochi . The largest city in the country of India is Mumbai .
Sami languages are one of the spoken languages in Finland .
Mario Botta is the dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 and currently has 600 students . The country ' s leader is named Johann Schneider - Ammann .
A . F . C . Fylde ( its full name is " Association Football Club Fylde " ) , which has 3180 members , is based at Warton , Fylde , Lancashire .
11264 Claudiomaccone , which was discovered by Nikolai Chernykh has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 . It has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 , an apoapsis of 475426000 kms and the orbital period is 1513 . 722 days .
Abilene , is part of Texas , which is in the U . S . A . and Washington , D . C . is the capital .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Austria - Hungary .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 as well as the OCLC number 45644811 .
Daniel Gould Fowle ' s Alma Mater is Princeton University .
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah . It is also the country that Arem arem , a Javanese dish , originates from .
Bacon is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States . The country where , White Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D . C .
Susan Mendoza is the leader of Chicago , Illinois , United States , the location of 300 North LaSalle .
Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 .
Aleksandra Kovac , who is associated with Bebi Doi and Kristina Kovac , is an exponent of Rhythm and blues .
Bionico is served at the dessert course in Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Cake is also a dessert .
110 Lydia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km / s .
Amarillo is a city in Texas , United States .
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and also Singapore where it comes from . The leader of Singapore , where Standard Chinese is spoken , is Tony Tan .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . He served as a crew member of Apollo14 . He was awarded the United States Distinguished Service Medal which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California .
Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County ( of which Austin is a part of ) , Texas .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States by Soho Press . The language in the US is English and the Native Americans are an ethnic group in the country .
The Audi A1 is a hatchback assembled by Audi Brussels and belongs to the supermini class . It has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a citizen of the United States .
William Anders served as a fighter pilot and was a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew . He is now retired . Frank Borman was also a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 . Buzz Aldrin was a back up pilot for Apollo 8 .
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Mark Desmond and was created by Roger Stern and Gardner Fox .
Athens International Airport services Athens , Greece ; led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , which is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
A Wizard of Mars , by Diane Duane , has OCLC number 318875313 and ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna .
Jacksonville Dolphins play in Jacksonville , Florida .
The ALV X - 1 originated in the United States which has the Star Spangled Banner as its anthem . The country uses the English language , has the capital city of Washington DC and numbers the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups .
The Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre and was assembled at Newport Pagnell . It is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Attica , Indiana has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km .
Barack Obama is a leader of the United States .
Aleksandre Guruli has played for FC Dinamo Batumi and also Olympique Lyonnais , who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais and have Jean - Michel Aulas as the chairman .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas where the Peoples Party ( Spain ) is the leader party .
A commander at the Polish - Soviet War was Joseph Stalin .
Alan Shepard died in California and he was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 .
Airondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Essex County , New York , the United States .
1099 Figneria , which has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 , was formerly known as " 1928 RQ " and has an epoch date of 31 . 12 . 2006 .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region . It includes ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm or cold . It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Madrid , Spain . It is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 500 .
Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in Canada .
The English language is spoken in California . Antioch , part of Contra Costa County ( California ) , is led by the United States House of Representatives which is part of the United States Congress .
AFC Blackpool ( Blackpool ) have had Stuart Parker as their manager . Parker ( with the Drogheda United F . C . ) plays for KV Mechelen . The Conservative Party U . K . is the leader of Blackpool .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia where Dunwoody is the largest city .
Above the Viel is the sequel to Into Battle .
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark where one of the languages used is German .
Akeem Adams plays for the T & TEC Sports Club .
The Antares rocket was launched from the launch pad located at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport . A comparable rocket , the US Delta II , was manufactured by the United Launch Alliance .
The main ingredients in bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It is affiliated with the European University Association .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Argentina ' s Labour Party member and President is married to Eva Peron . During his presidency , Alberto Teisaire was in office and he died in , Diego Santilli led , Buenos Aires .
Aleksandra Kovač , a pop musician , is in a band with Kornelije Kovač . He ' s associated with Bebi Dol , musician . Disco is a fusion of pop music .
Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s musical genre is Candombe .
With a LCCN number 32024459 , Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg abbreviated form is Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg .
Andrews Country Airport ' s runway name is 16 / 34 .
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where the language is Austrian German and Alfons Gorbach was born and died in Austria .
Bakso comes from Indonesia and is popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries . The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
Tim Brooke - Taylor was born in the UK and starred in Bananaman .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has 1174 pages .
An ingredient found in Bandeja paisa is Chicharrón that is found in the Andalusia region . The dish is typical of Colombian cuisine .
Footballer , Abner plays for the club Real Madrid Castilla managed by Luis Miguel Ramis .
Atlantic City International Airport , operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , has a runway named " 13 / 31 " .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont on October 23rd , 1793 . He worked as the Secretary of the State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
The Jacksonville Dolphins baseball field is John Sessions Stadium .
The escape velocity of 101 Helena is 0 . 0348 km per sec .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra is a forward and his club is Al Shorta SC .
Aston Mastin DBS , manufacturer of the Aston Martin , is a related mode of transport as the The Aston Martin V8 , which was succeeded by the Aston Martin V8 .
Cleveland is located in the United States .
The American Journal of Math ( Am . J . Math . ) is published in the U . S . by the Johns Hopkins University Press . Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK where bacon sandwiches are a popular dish . A variation of the bacon sandwich is a BLT ( which contains tomato ) , which itself is a variation of a club sandwich .
Almonds are part of the Rosaceae family of the Rosales order and are an ingredient in ajoblanco .
African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , which is where Lee County , Alabama is located . Lee County is home to Auburn and the county seat of Opelika .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy . The country ' s leader is Sergio Mattarella and there they speak Italian .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom . Variations include the BLT and the club sandwich .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is November 26th , 2005 . The apoapsis of 1089 Tama , which used to be called A894 VA ; A904 VD , is 373 , 513 , 000 kilometres and it has a periapsis of 288 , 749 , 000 , 000 .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 ( kms ) .
Arem - arem is a dish served in Indonesia . The leader of this country is Joko Widodo and the currency used is the Indonesian Rupiah .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member on Apollo 11 , performed as a fighter pilot and his birth date was 1930 01 20 .
Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 are related forms of transportation .
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 .
In the English speaking state of Texas , there are many cities and counties , including Amarillo , Potter county , of of course the capital , Austin .
Buzz Aldrin , AKA Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . , was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11 . In 1963 , he graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with an Sc . D .
1099 Figneria , which has an orbital period of 179942 . 000 . 0 and a mass of 2 . 7 kg , has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the Italian language is spoken .
Aarhus Airport serves the city of Aarhus , Denmark .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan and plays for the Alianza F . C . club .
Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico , which is a food found in Mexico .
Ajoblanco is made from Olive oil and is found in Andalusia in Spain .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from Argentina and is built by Cammell Laird .
A Long Long Way , with 292 pages , was published in print & paperback . Its ISBN number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , and OCLC number is 57392246 .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , a genre that originated from blues music and has funk as a derivative . Forrest has a background as a solo singer .
Spaniards of Spain boasts the origins of the dish , ajoblanco .
The book , written by Qiu Xiaolong , A Loyal Character Dancer , is in print with an OCLC number of 49805501 and an ISBN of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , and the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
18C / 36C or Zwanenburgbaan are the names for the runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
The Atlas II is from the United States , where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C .
AIP Advances was edited by A . t . Charlie Johnson who resides in the United States and where Harvard University was his almaMater .
Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region . It includes Avocado which is a plant of the persea genus , belonging to the Lauraceae family .
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy , he plays for Vicenza Calcio at the Torino F . C . club while managing AC Lumezzane .
Nikolai Chernykh was the discoverer of 11264 Claudiomaccone whose epoch date is November 26 , 2005 . The celestial body has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres .
The Secret Scripture followed the book A Long Long Way published by Viking Press . A Long Long Way comes from Ireland where an ethnic group is white people .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the American Civil War .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , which is part of New Jersey in the United States . The Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland county to its north and Frederick County , Maryland to its southwest .
Angola is a city located in Indiana in the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Auburn , Alabama is located .
Batagor should be served hot .
NASA ' s Apollo 8 had three crew members who included Frank Borman , Buzz Aldrin as the backup pilot and William Anders . Anders was born in British Hong Kong which has Chris Patten as its representative .
Joachim Gauck is a leader in Germany .
Albert B . White was born 09 / 22 / 1856 in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
The Antares rocket was built by Orbital ATK and has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres . It launched on its maiden flight on 21 April 2013 from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and the final voyage was on 18 September 2013 .
Rome is the capital of Italy , where Sergio Mattarell and Matteo Renzi are leaders and where amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish .
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region and one of its ingredients is pecorino romano .
Andrew Rayel is associated with quite a few musical artists including Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Jwaydan Moyine and Alexander Popov . Other associates are , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , Alexandra Badoi and Christian Burns who performs house music .
The Ariane 5 , manufactured by The Airbus Defence and Space , was launched at ELA - 3 . Its initial flight was June 4 , 1996 and final flight was December 18 . 2009 .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo in Uruguay whose leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez . The leader of Montevideo is Daniel Martínez .
The leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands is Emile Roemer .
Italian born Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane . He also played for Vicenza Calcio and owns Torino FC .
Alpharetta , Georgia has an area of water of 1 square kilometre and is 346 above sea level . Its total area is 55 . 4 square kilometres , has 992 . 6 residents per square kilometre and uses the 770 , 404 and 678 area codes .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was a national of the United States .
Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas in the U . S . A . English is spoken in the state where Austin is the capital and the largest city is Houston .
Bakso is a dish of Chinese cuisine found in Indonesia and is made from ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
Al Anderson , a rock music performer , is a singer in the band NRBQ . Bhangra music comes from Rock music and is a part of the fusion genre .
Aaron Turner ' s genre is post - metal and he is an artist for the band Isis . He also played for Old Man Gloom .
Ashgabat International Airport ' s runway is 900 meters long .
The Asser Levy Public Baths were built in 1904 and are located in Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street . They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number is 80002709 .
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is the title of the leader of Switzerland .
Almond is part of the order of Rosids and a member of the Rosales order . It is an ingredient of ajoblanco .
The Acura TLX has a Honda K engine which is made by Honda .
Dave Challinor manages A . F . C . Fylde and also plays for Colwyn Bay F . C .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 meters above sea level . The 1st runway , which is made from poaceae is 497 . 0 in length .
Alhambra with length 63800 . 0milimetres is owned by the P & O company and powered by a Humphreys , Tennant and Dykes engine located in Deptford .
The Javanese dish Arem arem is commonly served inIndonesia . The country ' s leaders include Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo . and the language is Indonesian .
Peter Stoger previously played football for SK Vorwarts Steyr and now plays for Favoritner AC . In addition he is a member of FK Austria Wien coccer club and the manager or 1 . FC Koln .
The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine and an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
Newmarket Ontario , in Canada , is where Alan Frew is originally from . He started performing in 1983 and has a background as a solo singer .
Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s record label is RCA Records which is distributed by Legacy Recordings .
Aaron Deer performs Psychedelia music and plays the piano .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who is attached to Chesterfield football club and plays for Blackburn Rovers F . C .
Alpena County Regional Airport city serves Alpena , Michigan in Wilson Township in the U . S . The airport is 210 m above sea level and 1533 m long .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney . It is situated 88 meters above sea level . The 1st runway has an asphalt surface . It measures a length of 497 . 0 and is known as 03 / 21 .
With a background as a solo singer , Alfredo Zitarrosa , who has the musical genre of Candombe , and has worked with Hector Numa Moraes and Hilario Perez , is signed to RCA Records .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas , the capital city of which , is Austin .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil ' s Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska , a dessert . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
The creator of Asterix , the comics character also known as Astérix , is René Goscinny .
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was designed in bronze by Pietro Canonica , and inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 .
Anders Osborne , whose genre is rock music , was signed to the Shanachie Records label . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay . The currency used in Uruguay is the Uruguayan Peso and leaders of the country include Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and Daniel Martinez .
Alex Day was born in the United Kingdom and started performing in 2006 . He is an acoustic musician associated with Charlie McDonnel and plays in Chameleon Circuit .
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , Indiana in the U . S . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans . Americans live in the U . S .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce , from the Lazio region and Tomato is one of its ingredients .
English is the language of the United States which is led by a President and has the ethnic group of White Americans . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue and has Paul Ryan as one of it ' s leaders .
A Severed Wasp was written in English in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia in Spain and uses garlic as an ingredient .
The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and published in 1634 . It can be found by ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
John N Dempsey ' s predecessor Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the U . S , worked as Governor of Connecticut and died in New York .
The architect of 11 Diagonal Street is Helmut Jahn and it was completed in 1983 . It has 20 floors and a floor area of 1200 square metres .
Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG . The airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway 1818 in length .
The Alhambra , owned by P & O , had the length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine . Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes is located in London .
Abilene , Jones county , Texas in the U . S . is served by the Abilene regional airport . The runway is 1121m long .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is an historic district and is found at the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick , Maryland .
Bakso is dish from the Chinese cuisine which is found in Indonesia . The main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
The main ingredients in arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The dish is popular in Indonesia but more specific to the Java region .
Al Kharaitiyat SC , which has its ground at Al Khor , play in the Qatar Stars League . Alaa Abdul - Zahra , whose club is Al - Zawra ' a SC , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by , Amar Osim .
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia .
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones is from Errata , Mississippi and has worked with artist Sammy Price . R & B comes from blues and is the origin of disco .
Alfred N . Phillips was a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district who was born in Connecticut and succeeded by Albert E Austin .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . The country is led by Fuad Masum .
Alison O ’ Donnell was in the band Mellow Candle and performed for the band United Bible Studies .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall , it is located in Williamsburg , Virginia and has an Georgian architectural style .
Rock band NRBQ ' s guitarist is Al Anderson . Rock is the origin of bhangra and has is founding in the Blues .
Singer Aaron Turner played with black metal band Twilight and the Greymachine band . Death metal is a fusion of blck metal .
107 Camilla was discovered by N . R . Pogson and December 31 , 2006 is its epoch date . N . R . Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai .
One of California ' s senators is Dianne Feinstein .
The Antares rocket , built by Orbital ATK , with a diameter of 3 . 9 meters , was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . Its first flight was April 21 , 2013 and the final flight , July 13 , 2014 .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine .
A T Charlie Johnson , a United States national , is the editor of AIP Advances . His Alma mater is Harvard University and he is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham .
Alberto Teisaire was born on 1891 - 05 - 20 .
Guadalajara is located in Mexico .
Buzz Aldrin is now retired .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and has alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde . It weighs 1850 tonnes , is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long and has a top speed of 24 . 0 . The ship was launched on December 16 , 2004 .
The book American Journal of Mathematics , identified by ISSN number 1080 - 6377 , is abbreviated by Am . J . Math .
Ajoblanco has almond ( of the Rosales order ) as one of its ingredients .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion and the capital is Washington , D . C .
Angola International airport which has a runway length of 4000 feet is located at Ícolo e Bengo in Luanda Province , Angola .
Anaheim is led by the United States House of Representatives in the US Capitol . It is located in California where the Spanish language is spoken .
William Anders , retired , served as a fighter pilot before joining as a crew member on Apollo 8 alongside Frank Borman , .
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC , which is located in London . Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC .
Alexandria , is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County , in Indiana , the capital of which is Indianapolis .
Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa .
Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) .
AFC Fylde , who play at The Fylde , has 3180 members and the full name Association Football Club Fylde .
The Andrews County Airport ' s 3rd runway length in ft is 2939 .
Joe Biden is a leader of the United States .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport ' s runway length is 3500 .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , where one of the official languages is Irish and the leader is Enda Kenny .
Electropop is the musical genre of Ace Wilder and originated from disco .
Elliot See served as a test pilot , joining NASA in 1962 . Born on 07 / 23 / 1927 , he lived only until 02 / 28 / 1966 , when he died in St . Louis .
Rolando Maran plays at the Carrarese Calcio .
The 1955 Dodge is station wagon with an AMC V8 engine .
Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . Its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis .
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres , constructionof it began in January 2009 and was completed in April 2014 .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the country of Romania , whose capital is Bucharest .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in the state of Texas but Houston is the largest city there . Tarrant County , Texas is located within the United States and their county seat is Fort Worth .
Stellendam born Ab Klink studied at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam , which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs . He worked at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in Netherlands .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 . It is located in Mendrisio , which has Meride as its neighbouring municipality as Meride .
The general manager of Minnesota Wild is Chuck Fletcher .
Franklin D . Roosevelt was a commander during WWII .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length , built at Montreal Locomotive Works , has a V12 engine and was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 .
Alan Shepard was awarded American Defense Service ribbon .
Bakewell pudding ( a variation of which is Bakewell tart that uses shortcrust patry ) , is from the Derbyshire Dales region .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece .
Alison O ' Donnell , plays the instrument called the bodhran and performs jazz music , a derivative of which , is Funk .
General Dynamics Electric Boat ( located in Groton , CT ) , is the company that built the American submarine NR - 1 .
Anaheim is in Orange County , California which is part of the Greater Los Angeles area , in the United States .
The epoch date of 410777 2009 FD is June 27 , 2015 . It has an orbital period of 39447000 and was discovered by Spacewatch .
Makis Voridis ' successor Adonis Georgiadis ( born in Greece and succeeded by Makis Voridis ) was in office during the leadership of Prime Minister Antonis Samaras . Samaras ' leadership coincided with Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis ' and his deputy was Evangelos Venizelos .
Finland in Helsinki is the manufacturer of the Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker which is Wärtsilä powered . The icebreaker is 99 . 83 m long and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
Elliot See , NASA employee from 1962 , was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and died in St Louis .
Italian born Alessio Romagnoli is a member of AS Roma and is in the country ' s national under 16 football team .
Alessio Romagnoli used to play for the Italy national under - 19 football team and is in the country ' s under 16 team coached by Daniele Zoratto .
Anders Osborne plays rock music and is signed to Rabadash Records .
The editor of AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv . ) is A . T . Charlie Johnson , who went to Stanford University .
The AIDAstella , which is 253260 . 0 mms in length , was built by Meyer Werft , operated by AIDA Cruise Line in Rostock , and owned by Costa Crociere .
Abel Hernandez , whose club is Penarol , plays for the club , U . S . Città di Palermo . Giuseppe Iachini is the manager of U . S . Città di Palermo .
Rhythm and blues singer Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , Kentucky , 1981 but resided in Dothan , Alabama .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km and a temperature of 43 . 0 kelvins .
The AIDAstella , built by Meyer Werft , is operated by Germany ' s AIDA Cruises .
The builder of the ALCO RS - 3 is the American Locomotive Company and a total of 1418 were made . The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length , has a cylinder count of 12 and a V12 engine .
The asteroid called 1036 Ganymed has an epoch date of 22nd October 2004 .
Lansing is the capital of Michigan .
There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square , Cleveland , Ohio , which is in the United States .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia .
Abner W . Sibal was in the United States Army . That army fought in the battle of the Spanish - American War .
Olusegun Obasanjo was the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Mike Akhigbe was in the Nigerian Navy .
Bella Center were developers of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 814 rooms .
Caterpillar Inc . was founded in the United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16 , 000 students and 737 staff members . It was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association .
A type of dessert is a cake . However , bionico is not a cake , and instead a dessert from the Guadalajara region , in Mexico . Mexico is where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader .
School of Business and Social Sciences was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . Thr school has 16 , 000 students and an academic staff of 737 .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed to Kissing Spell Records .
The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its president - or official leader - is called Artur Rasizade . The legislature of Azerbaijan is known as the National Assembly . The country is the location for the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst . It is owned and operated by AFC Ajax N . V . and tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy ( Jong Ajax ) .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , United States and served as a test pilot .
Another variation for a bacon sandwich is a BLT which includes the ingredient bacon .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956 . It has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in Sidcup , London . The Parliament of the United Kingdom governs London and its leader is Boris Johnson .
Attica in the United States is part of Indiana where the capital is Indianapolis .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Dublin , part of Leinster , is in the Republic of Ireland and is led by the European Parliament . 3Arena is located there and their owner is Live Nation Entertainment .
Ajoblanco comes from Spain where Spanish is spoken and the Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Association Football Club Blackpool , is A . F . C . Blackpool ' s fullname . The club has 1500 members , and Jepson Way is their grounds . In the season 2014 - 2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League .
The leader and President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey where the capital is Ankara .
Alison O ' Donnell , who records for Deram Records , plays jazz music of which Funk is a derivative .
Michele Marcolini has been associated with F . C . Bari 1908 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is President .
The leader of Akron , Ohio is the Mayor .
The A - Rosa Luna is built by Rostock , Germany ' s , Neptun Werft . Germans are the people of Germany .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes including Grantville Gazette III and is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the English language is spoken . One of the leaders is John Roberts and the country is led by the President . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group within the country .
Italy is home to the Italian language , the capital Rome and Arrabbiata sauce .
Alfred Garth Jones died Sicup , in London , the city led by Boris Johnson and governed by the Parliament of the U . K .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the Russia national football B team .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java and Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1955 and has a four stroke engine .
Aaron Hunt . who played for SV Werder Bremen II , plays for SV Werder Bremen which play in the Bundesliga . Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 . He is now retired . The back up pilot of Apollo 12 was Alfred Worden , and the commander was David Scott .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States and led by the New Mexico House of Representatives .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia .
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3 , 800 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . The location of Adams County is northwest of Carroll County , Maryland , south of Cumberland County and northeast of Frederick County , both of Maryland .
Alan Martin played for the Scotland national under 21 team , which is managed by Ricky Sbragia .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , United States , where Spanish is spoken and Austin is the capital .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and has a diesel - electric transmission . It is 17068 . 8mm long .
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are South African leaders . The Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups in the country which has the capital city of Cape Town and is the location of 11 Diagonal Street .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and its IATA I . D . is AGR . Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand and is led by Ram Naik .
Alan Shepard retired on 1 August 1974 . He was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal .
Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain , where the language is Spanish and one of the traditional dishes is Arròs negre .
The singer called Andra was born in 1986 .
Assembled in Brussels , Belgium , the Audi A1 hatchback has a 5 speed manual transmission and a 1 . 2 litre engine .
Adam Holloway is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV .
The area code of Atlantic City , New Jersey , is 609 .
Akeem Priestley , whose club is Harbour View F . C . played for the club Sheikh Russel KC .
Atlanta is in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups , is Asian Americans .
Akeem Ayers ' former team was the Los Angeles Rams .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal of United States Navy .
Peter Stöger played for the club LASK Linz .
Jens Hartel plays for 1 . FC Magdeburg .
The Alhambra , which was built by the Samuda Brothers , has an 8 . 3m ship beam , a top speed of 18 . 52 km / h and was 63800 . 0 mms long .
Footballer Stuart Parker was at Blackburn Rovers FC , he is a member of the Chesterfield F . C . and currently manages A . F . C . Blackpool .
The AgM - 88 HARM is produced by Alliant Techsystems .
Part of Bundelkhand , Uttar Pradesh is the location of Agra Airport . It is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses the transport aircraft called the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon in the U . S . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township which is part of New Jersey , in the United States .
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager for A . C . Milan .
AC Hotel Bella Sky , owned by Marriott International , is located in the Danish capital of Copenhagen . The Washington D . C . based company is the current tenant of the property . Margrethe II of Denmark is currently the Danish leader .
The engine size in the 1955 Dodge is 230 cubic inches and the vehicle has a hardtop .
A Wizard of Mars was published in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United States , where the leader is called a " president " and part of the population is African American .
One of the leaders of India is called T . S . Thakur .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
Atlanta , is a part of the U . S . state , Georgia in the U . S .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , in Uruguay , the leaders of which , are Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Tabaré Vázquez . Uruguay ’ s national anthem is called the National Anthem of Uruguay .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader .
Bacon Explosion is served as a main course , it includes sausages and bacon .
Aaron Hunt plays for the club , Hamburger SV .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin .
Baked Alaska is from the country of France , which leader is Manuel Valls and the spoken language is French .
Fried egg is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States which includes the ethnic group of African Americans . The country is the location of Auburn , part of Lee County in Alabama .
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music as played by Anders Osborne . His record label is Rabadash records and whilst earning a living as a singer is an associate of Johnny Sansone .
Anaheim , California ( United States ) , is led by the California State Assembly .
The Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City in the United States . Manhattan , which is led by Gale Brewer , and Brooklyn are both parts of New York City .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of spain , it includes Cephalopod ink .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo in Uruguay .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Gérard Larcher .
The Battle of Gettysburg took place during the American Civil War which was commanded by Abraham Lincoln and had Aaron S . Daggett as one of its participants .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name at the airport is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3078 . 48 .
Albert B . White was born on the 22nd of September , in 1856 .
Auburn , Washington , which is led by the Mayor , has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq km .
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed significant buildings including Asilomar State Beach , the Riverside Art Museum and the Asilomar Conference .
Alan Bean was an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 . In 1963 , he was hired by NASA to be part of their Apollo 12 crew .
William Anders has retired . He is a US national who was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933 . He graduated from AFIT , MS in 1962 and served as a fighter pilot . In 1963 he was selected by NASA .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company , it has 12 cylinders , a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8mm in length .
200 Public square is in Cleveland , Ohio and is located in United States .
Akeem Adams now plays for Central FC but previously for United Petrotrin FC whose ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome .
The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on June 4 , 1996 and its last flight on December 18 , 2009 . It was manufactured by Arianespace and launched at ELA - 3 .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazil . It has 17000 members . Champions of the Serie C league is the Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Juan Carlos I of Spain was born in Rome and preceded Alfonso XIII . Whilst he was monarch Abel Caballero was in office .
Alvah Sabin , who represented Vermont , ended his career on 3rd of March , 1857 .
Arros negre is a region of Catalonia and Carles Puigdement is it ' s leader .
Among the languages spoken in the Philippines are Arabic and Philippine Spanish . The Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines and another group is the Chinese Filipino . Batchoy comes from the Philippines .
Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and by Steven T . Seagle . Damon Wayans , Jr . starred in the film Big Hero 6 .
AFC Blackpool have had as their manager , Stuart Parker , whose football club was Stockport County F . C .
Aston Martin Virage and Aston Martin DBS are related types of transportation . The Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , manufactured by Aston Martin .
Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in the United States .
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi ( founded by August Horch ) . The Quattro Gmbh and Lamborghini are subsidiaries of Audi , and Audi e - tron is a division of Audi .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University has the nickname Uab .
The ALV X - 1 comes from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Gran Asunción and died in Paraguay , where the leader is Juan Afara .
The 3Arena ( located in Dublin ) is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Alan B . Miller Hall , which was completed on 1 June 2009 , is located on 101 Ukrop Way . The current tenants are The Mason School of Business , which is located in the United States .
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres , and an average speed of , 16 . 76 km per secs .
Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in the Colombian cuisine of Bandeja paisa that originates from the Antioquia department .
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors , and was completed in 1976 .
Elliot See passed away on 1966 - 02 - 28 in St . Louis .
Aaron Turner performs doom metal music .
Appleton International Airport has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece . The country ' s capital is Athens and the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Michele Marcolini has played for Atalanta BC . He now manages the AX Lumezzane and is at the Torino FC club .
Max Huiberts owns AZ Alkmaar which has 17023 members .
Pickard Chilton was the architect of 300 North LaSalle in Chicago .
Adare Manor , completed in 1862 by architect Philip Charles Hardwick , is located in Adare , in County Limerick .
Baked Alaska is from France , Baked Alaska can be found in Hong Kong , New York or Paris . Sponge Cake is one of the ingredients in Baked Alaska .
Allama Iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 and is located in Pakistan .
Aaron Hunt played for the club SV Werder Bremen and club VfL Wolfsburg in Bundesliga . Dieter Hecking is Wolfsburg ' s manager .
Tom Tait of the United States House of Representatives , located in the US Capitol , leads Anaheim , California where English is spoken .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City and died in New Mexico Territory .
The A - Rosa Luna which is classed as a cruise ship weighs 1850 tonnes and is 125800 mms in length .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by Costa Crociere . The operator is AIDA Cruises who are located in Germany .
Neptun Werft , who is headquartered in Rostock Germany where Norbert Lammert is a leader , is the builder of the A - Rosa .
The AIDS journal was published in the United Kingdom where the English language is spoken .
Alan Tudyk stars in the film Big Hero 6 in which Baymax is a character . The film is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
The Asociacion Deportiva is now known as A . D . Isidro Metapan and has 10000 members and plays in Metapan .
Afonso Pena International Airport has the elevation of 911 meters above the sea level .
ACF Fiorentina played in the 2014 - 15 Serie A season .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 . It has an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 349206000000 . 0 .
The United States , where Barack Obama is a leader , is the location of Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) which is led by the United States House of Representatives .
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons , based in Atlanta .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and the designers are Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala and it has 250 academic staff .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Candombe musician with a background as a solo singer . He was signed to RCA Records Label and is associated with Hector Numa Moraes and Yamamdu Palacios .
The Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir , Turkey and it is made of bronze . Turkeys leader is President Ahmet Davutogly and its capital is Ankara . Turkey ' s currency is the Turkish lira .
Buzz Aldrin ' s retirement date is " 1971 - 07 - 01 " .
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku . The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community where Ximo Puig is a leader .
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina . He has played for Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C and is a member of the Portugal National Football Team .
Hong Kong , China , New York or Paris are the regions where Baked Alaska is found . The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) .
AWH Engineering College of the city Kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 .
Post metal ( which uses the Cello ) musician Aaron Turner , formerly of Twilight , is with the Lotus Eaters .
Al Khor Sports Club plays in the Qatar Stars League .
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz .
Mayor led , Akron , Summit County , Ohio is located in the United States . The U . S . capital is Washington DC and home to African Americans .
Alan Bean , a US test pilot was born on the 15th of March 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . After graduating in 1955 from UT Austin with a B . S . , he became a test pilot .
Akeem Dent was born September 9 , 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia . He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons .
Nikolai Chernykh was the discoverer of the asteroid 11264 Claudiomaccone . It has an average speed of 18 . 29 km per sec and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kms .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students .
The capital of the United States is Washington DC and the country is led by the President of the United States . One of the ethnic groups found in the country , which is the location of Akron in Summit County , Ohio , are the African Americans .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the region Jalisco , in Mexico .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia . It includes ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
A Wizard of Mars is available in print form .
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club . He previously managed 1 FC Magdeburg and played for Berliner AK 07 .
Rhythm and blues artist Ahmet Ertegun was born in the United States . R & B originates from the blues and is the origin of disco . African Americans are people of the U . S .
The musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun is rhythm and blues .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , the country where the language they speak is Greek .
Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader in Greece where the Greek language is spoken . The country is the location of AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club .
William Anders was a crew member on Apollo 8 .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and uses avocado in it .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India , 560090 . It was established in 2000 and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The dish of ajoblanco contains water it originates in Spain .
Barny cakes , which can be chocolate flavoured , contain 1 . 8g of protein , 4 . 8g of fat and 18g of carbohydrates .
1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 and an orbital period of , 135589000 . 0 . With an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres . 1097 Vica , has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 .
Ajoblanco , also known as Ajo blanco , is a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes the ingredients bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
The paperback book Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has an ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Allan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a member of the Apollo 12 crew . He is retired .
Alison O ' Donnell is an artist for the bands Mellow Candle and Plastik Mak .
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes , France . The ELA - 3 , owned by Arianespace , is located at the Guina Space Centre and launched the Ariane 5 .
Aaron Hunt , is a member of Vfl Wolfsburg , which is managed by Dieter Hecking . once played for SV Werder Bremen . SV Werder is in the Bundesliga league . .
Abilene is in Texas in the United States and Spanish is a language spoken there . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C .
Aaron Bertram plays ska punk , which has its origins in ska music and punk rock . He played in the Suburban Legends and Kids Imagine Nation bands .
Moro people is an ethnic group in the Philippines .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , Illinois which is part of the United States . It has 60 floors and the leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where the language used is English . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans and the leader is Barack Obama .
The US architect George Winkler was the architect for the 320 South Boston Building completed in 1929 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated with an MA from NWC in 1957 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a test pilot . Alan Shepard passed away in California .
The Alfa Romeo is similar to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema .
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company , which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Company . It has a 31 . 48 tax horsepower engine .
103 Hera has the epoch of 27 August 2011 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 kilometres per second . Its orbital period is 1622 . 213 days and it has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
Elliot See was a United States citizen born 1927 . 07 . 23 and dying in St Louis on 1966 . 02 . 28 .
Allan Shivers was Lieutenant Governor of Texas .
Ernie Colón and Gary Cohn are some of the creators of the comic character Bolt .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo which is led by politician , Daniel Martínez . Montevideo is in Uruguay , the leader of which , is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez .
The 18L / 36R runway of the Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and has a length of 33310 . 0 .
Aaron Deer is an indie rock performer who plays the piano .
The AMC Matador is assembled in Mexico City .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States . is led by the New Mexico Senate . Barack Obama is a leader of the United States .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in the state of Georgia , United States .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft who are located in Germany and is operated by AIDA Cruises .
William Anders worked for NASA and was a part of the Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman . He spend 8820 minutes in space and also served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 .
The people of the US , ( the location of Austin , Texas ) are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans .
Ahmet Eregum ( from Washington , DC ) is a rhythm and blues artiste but started out as a non performing personnel .
Bananaman , created by Steve Bright and starring Bill Oddie , was first broadcast by the BBC on the 3rd October 1983 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren and Jwaydan Moyine , musicians . Armin van Buuren ' s genre is House music . Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed are also asssociates .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and has released records through Fruits de Mer Records and Kissing Spell Records .
The Aston Martin V8 and DBS are similar and made by Aston Martin .
The title of the leader of the United States is the President .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres and a density of 1890 . 0 kilogram Per Cubic Metres .
3Arena , located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
The builder of the A - Rosa is Neptun Werft , headquartered in Rostock in Germany . Stanislaw Tillich is a leader of Germany and its capital is Berlin .
Allen Forrest performs acoustic music .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Collin County , Texas .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin . The runway length is 2439 and the elevation is 280 metres above sea level .
Part of DeKalb County ( Georgia ) , Atlanta , has a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres , and covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . The population density of Atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Above the Veil ( preceded by the book Aenir ) is from Australia and is written in English .
Anaheim is located in California , where you can sometimes hear Chinese being spoken . Anaheim , where Tom Tait is leader , is governed by the United States House of Representatives located at the United States Capitol .
The full name of A . D . Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan .
Afonso Pena International Airport , with the ICAO location identifier of SBCT , is located in São José dos Pinhais and lies 911 metres above sea level . The airport ' s runway name is 11 / 29 and it has a length of 1800 . 0 .
Ricky Sbragia coaches the Scotland national under - 21 football team .
Colombian Bandeja paisa ( Paisa region ) contains lemons ( members of the order ; sapindales and the rutaceae family ) .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
320 South Boston Building was completed in 1929 and has 22 floors .
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T Seagle created the character of Baymax who first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and is voiced by Scott Adsit .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis have 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 A EPSTH , Greece . Their home ground is located in Efxeinoupoli .
The country of origin of the ALV X - 1 is the United States , whose capital is Washington D . C .
Siege of Petersburg was part of the American Civil War conflict .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found at Seminary Ridge , Pennsylvania , US . Established in 2000 , the monument has a Contributing Property categorization .
Aaron Deer ' s instrument is the piano .
Aenir is an Australian novel that was preceded by the novel Castle . Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir and was followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone .
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F . C . whose playing area is the Broadwood Stadium . Mr . Martin now plays for Crewe Alexandra F . C . for its manager , Steve Davis .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield which is located Frederick County , Maryland .
Albert B White was born 09 / 22 / 1856 and passed 04 / 03 / 1941 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . in 1963 and was selected to work for NASA the same year . He served as a crew member on Apollo 11 .
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita in Japan which is ruled by Emperor Akihito . Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture and one ethnic group in Japan is the Filipinos .
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in the community of Madrid , in Spain .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and was married to Agnes Ward White . Albert B . White was a member of the Republican Party of the United States and ended his career on March 4 , 1905 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra , whose club is Sanat Mes Kerman F . C . , plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC . Al Khor is the home ground of Al Kharaitiyat SC . which is managed by , Amar Osim .
Faversham was the birthplace of Adam Holloway , who resided in Gravesend .
Malatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abiba .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba in the state of Paraná , Brazil . Curitiba is part of the South Region and is led by the Democratic Labour party .
03R / 21L is a runway name at Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 . kms . It has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 , a mass of 7 . 5kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office whilst Edmund J . Davis ( who later died in Austin , Texas ) , was Vice President .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and is married to Ruth Ribicoff . Abraham A Ribicoff is from the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is , African Americans .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and was first published in 1987 .
Agustin Barboza , born in Asuncion , Paraguay , was signed to Philips Records .
Russia , led by Vladimir Putin , is the death place of Aleksandrr Chumakov who was born in Moscow .
Antwerp International Airport covers the city of Antwerp . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium . A leader there is Charles Michel and Dutch is the language spoken there .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas , U . S .
Ahmed Ertegun performs rhythm and blues music , a genre that originated from blues .
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season , the team has 27250 members .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York , U . S .
Akeem Adams plays for T & TEC Sports Club .
Al Anderson , a member of the band NRBQ , performs rock music and was a member of The Wildweeds .
The book Aenir was followed up by Above the Veil .
Americans live in the U . S . , from where the ALV X - 1 originated . The capital of the United States is Washington D . C . and its leader is entitled The President of the United States . One of the ethnic groups in the United States is Native Americans .
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italy national under - 16 football team coached by Daniele Zoratto .
Alan Been was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler Texas . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S and became a Test Pilot . He was part of the Apollo 12 crew for NASA and is now retired .
The apoapsis for 1101 Clematis is 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a temperature of 155 kelvins .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school was given its Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . Bangalore , which was founded by Kempe Gowda , is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west .
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League , which K - W United FC were once the champions of .
The epoch of 1994 VKB is on December 31 , 2006 , it has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs , an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 , a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 . and escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km / s .
Acharya Institute of Technology ( president B M Reddy ) was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students . The campus is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India .
The main ingredient of fried chicken is chicken .
Folk music is the genre of Alex Day , who plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with the musical artist , Charlie McDonnell .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . Switzerland ' s legislature is the Federal Assembly .
William M O Dawson died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to the record labels Fiction and Polydor Records in London . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock .
Walter Baade , born in Preußisch Oldendorf and graduate of University of Gottingen , was the one to discover 1036 Ganymed . Walter Baade ' s doctoral student was Halton Arp . Walter Baade died in Gottingen .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the invasions of Grenada and Panama .
NASA selected Elliot See in 1962 .
With a runway length of 4000 . 0 metres , Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens .
Among the battles that Aaron S . Daggett fought in was the Battle of White Oak Swamp .
Akeem Ayers ' draft round was 2 and he used to play for the Los Angeles Rams .
The New England Patriots are a former team of the player Akeem Ayers who currently plays for the " Los Angeles Rams " and has the draft pick of 39 .
Albennie Jones ended his career in 1950 .
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family , order of Solanales .
American English is spoken in Indiana which has the capital of Indianapolis . Indiana is the location of Alexandria , part of Monroe Township , Madison County in the United States .
The academic discipline of Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated as Admin . Sci . Q ) is Management .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region of Colombia . It includes red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Baked Alaska comes from China .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York , where Arabic is spoken amongst many other languages .
The House of Representatives forms part of the United States Congress and governs Albuquerque in New Mexico . The United States , where English is spoken , is where you will find New Mexico .
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal , the music that Aaron Turner , of Mamiffer , performs .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta .
Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce , a dish from Rome .
William M . O . Dawson , who was succeeded by Albert B White , was born in Bloomington , Maryland and died in Charleston , West Virginia .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle House , constructed in 1911 , is located in Asherton , Texas .
Abradab performs hip hop music , which has its stylistic origins in Jazz . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music .
The headquarters of the European University Association is in Brussels .
Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County , Pennsylvania . To the southeast is Carroll County , Maryland . Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Frederick County , Maryland to its southwest . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in this county and was completed in 2000 . This Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property .
Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen and the Blackburn Rovers F . C . AFC Blackpool ( Blackpool ) had Stuart Parker as their manager . The Conservative Party U . K . is the leader of Blackpool .
Airey Neave , who fought in World War Two , won the Territorial Decoration Award and ended his career on March 30th , 1979 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , which leader is Barack Obama .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and his work was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . He wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , of FC Terek Grozny club ( managed by Rashid Rakhimov ) , plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala . Grozny is the home of FC Terek Grozny .
Alaa Abdul Zahra played for Duhok SC .
Nawaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab and serves the city of Lahore .
Austria was the birthplace of Alfons Gorbach whose language is Austrian German .
Airy Neeve was a Lieutenant Colonel and he ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Serving the city of Amsterdam , Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3400 . 0 metres .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England which is in the United Kingdom . His alma mater was Magdalene College Cambridge and he is a member of the Tories .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States , where the language is English . English is spoken in Great Britain .
Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas . A US national , he attended the University of Texas at Austin . He died in St Louis , .
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music . Originating from country music , rock music is performed Alan Frew . He comes from Canada , where one of the main languages spoken is French .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Al - Amin Daggash succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar and Oladipo Diy was Mr . Akhigbe ' s predecessor .
Coming from the region of Visayas , in the Philippines , Binignit should be served as the dessert course . It ' s main ingredient is banana and other ingredients include sago .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas , and attended the University of Texas at Austin . This university is affiliated to the University of Texas system , and competed in the Big 12 conference in Austin . Its mascot is Hook ' em , and its president Gregory L . Fenves .
The country of Akron , Ohio , is United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas , Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport has a runway length of 4100 metres and a runway name 18L / 36R .
Acura is a division of Honda , the makers of the Acura TLX . It has an inline four engine and is related to the Honda Accord .
A Glastonbury Romance is publshed by The Bodley Head .
The UTC offset for Anaheim , California is - 8 .
From the United States , Ahmet Ertegun performs rock and roll music and started out as a non performing personnel .
Bhajji is made from wheat or corn flour and also includes vegetables .
The runway length at Antwerp International airport is 1510 . 0 .
Jens Härtel played for RB Leipzig and FC Sachsen Leipzig and has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . Jens Härtel is currently part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey . The capital city is Ankara , but it is in Izmir that the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 is located .
King County , Washington is located within the United States .
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan and formerly for Sheikh Russel KC .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland , has 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
A . C . Lumezzane is in the Lega Pro / A league .
Al Marrikh SC is a former club of Alaa Abdul Zahra who has also played for the Qatar Stars League side Al Kharaitiyat SC , who are managed by Amar Osim and play their home games at Al Khor .
The singer Andra starter in the year 2000 and her genre is dance pop .
Kaiser Chiefs musician Andrew White began his career in 2003 and was a member of Marry Banilow . He is signed to B - Unique Records .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin , where Gregory L . Fenvas was appointed as the president . They will be competing in the Big 12 Conference .
Hip Hop music originated from funk ; one noted Hip Hop performer being Allen Forrest .
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge , London and fought in World War II . He started his career on 30th June 1953 and ended it on 30th March 1979 .
Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War , which Albert Jennings Fountain fought in .
11264 Claudiomaccone was discovered by Nikolai Chernykh .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 . It is 5 . 6 kilos big , an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
Pennsylvania ' s Franklin Country is west of Adams County which has Carroll County Maryland to its southeast . To the North of Adams County is Cumberland County with Frederick County to the southeast . The municipality for the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Gettysburg which is located in Adams County .
MTU Friedrichshafen is in Friedrichshafen .
Batchoy and the ethnic group The Moro People come from the Philippines .
Aaron Turner played black metal music with the band Twilight .
Ammarillo is in Potter County , Texas , where English is spoken . Texas is in the US whose capital is Washington DC .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s genre is folk music of Ireland .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria - Hungary in Imst . He died in Austria , where the leader is Doris Bures .
Uruguay international footballer Abel Hernández played in the youth team of the club Peñarol and later represented US Citta di Palermo .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey .
The German built A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine which is made in Friedrichshafen .
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . Dean Thomas Pallesen heads the School which has the Latin name of " Universitas Aarhusiensis " . There are 737 academic staff and it is affiliated with the European University Association .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . A . where Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in the country .
The orbital period for 101 Helena is 1516 . 6700000000003 ( days ) and it has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 .
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion .
The Atlas II is from the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Abdul Taid Mahmud who is a member of Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak party , was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Ruth Ribicoff was married to Abraham A . Ribicoff who was born in Connecticut and worked as Governor of Connecticut .
Alvah Sabin , who was born in Georgia Vermont , was a Baptist who worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont .
Aaron Bertram started performing in 1998 . He is a non vocal instrumentalist who plays for the bands Suburban Legends and Kids Imagine Nation . His genre is ska punk music .
Rock music , the genre of Al Anderson , originated from blues . Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , which draws influence from rock music .
John van den Brom , former manager of AZ Alkmaar , now owned by Max Huiberts , plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A . S . .
Alison O ' Donnell , whose musical genre of Psychedelic folk , was once a member of the band Flibbertigibbet and is now with Mellow Candle .
Garlic is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in Italy .
Alison O ' Donnell was once signed to Deram Records located in London . She is now signed to the record label Kissing Spell Records and performs jazz music .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US , where the leader is the President and African Americans are among the ethnic groups . The inhabitants of the United States are called Americans and the capital is Washington D . C .
Hip Hop music has its stylistic origins in Jazz and Funk . Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop music that is performed by Abradab .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and serves Curitaba which is part of the state of Parana . It is operated by Infraero .
Michele Marcolini played for Vicenza Calcio and manages A . C . Lumezzane .
The Antares rockets maiden flight was on the 09th January 2014 and its final flight was on July 13th 2014 . It was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and it was manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office .
The author of A Glastonbury Romance , published by The Bodley Head , is John Cowper Powys .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , located in Rostock , Germany . Germany ( home of the Germans ) is led by Andreas Voßkuhle , .
Footballer Stuart Parker plays for KV Mechelen and is the manager of A . F . C . Blackpool whose ground is in Blackpool , where the leader is the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 , and is found in Turkey ( capital : Ankara ) .
Angola is part of Steuben County in the United States . The city , which is part of Indiana , has a total area of 16 . 44 square kilometres .
The leader of the US is known as the President and two of the leaders are John Roberts and Paul Ryan . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
AC Lumezzane , play in the Lega Pro league , and have 4150 members .
Ayam penyet , a dish which contains fried chicken , can be found in Malaysia and Singapore .
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Turkmenistan .
Airey Neave fought in and Benito Mussolini was a commander in , World War II . One of the places in World War II was named South East Asian theatre of World War II .
Aaron Hunt plays for the German National Under 21 team and also for SV Werder Breman , managed byy Viktor Skrypnyk , in the Bundesliga .
Alberto Teisaire is Argentinian where Spanish is the official language .
Blackpool based club AFC Blackpool is managed by Stuart Parker who is part of the KV Mechelen club . The town is led by the Conservative Party UK .
Abilene , is part of Jones County , Texas , in the United States , the capital of which is , Washington D . C .
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland leads the country but it is Mario Botta who is Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio based in the city of Mendrisio .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez .
Elliot See died in St . Louis that used to be a part of the kingdom of France and is headed by Francis G . Slay .
Bakewell pudding , a dessert which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region , can be served warm or cold , and has the following ingredients : ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . It was created at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell in 1820 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Duhok SC .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . He first played for FC Lokomotive Leipzig and later for Berliner AK 07 .
The Atlas II is from the United States , where the language spoken is English and the ethnic groups include African Americans .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S where one of the ethnic groups are White Americans . English is the language spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov , built in Helsinki , Finland , has a 21 . 2 m ship beam .
Akron Ohio is part of the U . S .
The leader of the United States was Barack Obama . The capital of the US is Washington D . C . 1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States and one of it ' s ethnic groups is Asian American .
The 20 - floor 11 Diagonal Street designed by architect Helmut Jahn is owned by Redefine Properties Limited .
Avocado ( genus Persea ) is one of the ingredients of the dish Bandeja paisa .
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia .
Abner is a footballer for the Coritiba Football club and also Real Madrid Castilla .
Alfredo Zitarrosa , who has a background as a solo singer , is associated with the artist Hector Numa Moraes and musician Ciro Pérez . Movieplay is the record label of Alfredo Zitarrosa , whosse genre is Zamba , which is considered an art form .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S , the capital of this country is Washington D . C . and one of the ethnic group is The African Americans . They speak English , same as in Great Britain .
The New Hampshire state bird is the purple finch .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University it ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and played in Kaiser Chiefs band and played for Fiction and B - Unique Records . He is associated with Marry Banilow .
String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns ( House ) , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , whose alma mater was the University of Gottingen . He died in West Germany .
Alexandria in Indiana occupies 6 . 81 square kilometers .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County and Fulton County in Georgia , United States . Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County , Georgia .
The United States house of Representatives is in the Unites States .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , which is part of DuPage County , Illinois .
The former name of the asteroid 1001 Gaussia , which was discovered on 27 June 2015 and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres , was A911 MD .
The 1955 Dodge , the DeSoto Custom ( later succeeded by the DeSoto Firedome ) and the Plymouth Plaza are related means of transportation . The latter vehicle was made in Plymouth .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy whose capital is Rome . Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy and its official language is Italian .
April O ' Neil was created by Peter Laird .
Bionico is served at the dessert course and it contains raisins .
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
1099 Figneria has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . It was formerly known as 1928 RQ and it has an orbital period of 179 , 942 , 000 and a periapsis of 34 , 920 , 600 , 000 .
The mass of 110 Lydia is 6 . 7 kg .
The AIDAluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and had its maiden voyage on March 22 , 2009 . It is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
Attica is part of the state of Indiana .
The comic character Blockbuster was created by both Tom Lyle and Carmine Infantino .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo and is 159 metres above the sea level . Its runway is 3800 feet in length .
Alexander Nouri manages SV Werder Bremen II , the team Aaron Hunt plays for . Hunt used to play for SV Werder Bremen , which play in the Bundesliga .
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( completed in 2000 ) is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , and falls under the category of Contributing property .
The College of William and Mary is owned by Alan B . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia . It was designed by Robert A . M . Stern .
Binignit , from the Philippines , and sandesh , are desserts ; the Philippines is also home to the Igorot people .
Al Anderson , part of the NRBQ band , was born in Windsor , Connecticut , in the United States .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC whose manager is Amar Osim . He plays for the Al - Khor Sports Club located in Al Khor and in the Qatar Stars League .
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 and his Alma Mater is UT Austin , B . S . 1955 .
Austrian leader Doris Bures died in Graz , Austria .
Chicharrón is a dish found in the country of Spain .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C League in Brazil , specifically in 2015 .
Bakso contain celery , which is from the genus apium .
Banaman was first broadcast by the BBC on 3 October 1983 and starred Graeme Garden .
Amarillo is in Potter County , Texas where English is spoken . It is in the US , whose capital is Washington DC .
Jamaica ' s leader is Elizabeth II .
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Danish language is used . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
William Anders was born in Hong Kong on October 17th 1933 . He served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on Apollo 8 before he retired in 1969 .
Bionico is a dish served for dessert that can be varied by using cottage cheese .
Anders Osborne , is associated with Tab Benoit and musical artists Billy Iuso and Theresa Andersson .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is the language .
Agra airport is located in Agra and is operated by the Indian Air Force . It is elevated 167 . 94 meters above sea level and its runway has a length of 1818 . The ICAO Location Identifier of the airport is VIAG .
AS Roma ' s manager is Luciano Spallett , who plays for Virtus Entella .
One of the ingredients used to make Ajoblanco is bread and it comes from Andalusia .
African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where Angola , Indiana is located .
Alderney Airport serves Alderney , where the capital is Saint Anne .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States . The JHU publishes the American Journal of Mathematics which covers the discipline of mathematics .
Akeem Adams died in the city of Budapest , Hungary .
Abilene is part of Jones County in Texas , in the United States , where English is spoken .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math .
Populous is the architect of 3Arena at East Link Bridge , which is a concert and venue building 28 metres high , completed December 2008 .
Canada , where the leader is Elizabeth II , was the birthplace of Alex Plante .
American figher pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October , 1933 . He received a M . S . from his alma Mater , AFIT , in 1962 . He retired on the 1st of September , 1969 .
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages and is in print with the OCLC number 76798317 .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio in the U . S . Frank G . Jackson is a leader in Cleveland .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans .
The apoapsis for 110 Lydia is 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s youth football club was FC Spartak Moscow .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and it is located in Azerbaijan . The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade .
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where one of the languages is Greenlandic . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
One of the foods found in Malaysia is asam pedas which is from the Malay Peninsula region . Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups on Malaysia and its capital Kuala Lumpur .
The AIDS Journal ' s academic discipline is HIV / AIDS , and it has ISSN number 1473 - 5571 and LCCN number 90640840 .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm .
The Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where Paul Ryan is a politician and Native Americans are one ethnic group . The capital of the country is Washington D . C .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where a popular dish is Asam pedas .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and US Boulogne .
Alan Bean served as a test pilot .
Batchoy includes chicken which is a class of bird .
A . C . Lumezzane , with 4150 members , plays in the Lega Pro . and were active in 2014 .
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland . It has a ship beam of 21 . 2m and is 99 . 83 metres long .
In New York and New Jersey , the Port Authority operates from the Four World Trade Centre . It operates the Atlantic City International Airport .
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F . C who are based in Accrington .
Burbank California is the birth place of Eric Flint who was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . He is the author of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . The book is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Marriott International , located at Copenhagen in the Bella Center , which has 23 floors .
The UK is famous for its liking of the Bacon Sandwich which features a surprising main ingredient called bacon .
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' . The food originates from Singapore and can be found in the island of Java where banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups .
" Mark Desmond " is also known as the comic character Blockbuster who was created by Tom Lyle and Carmine Infantino .
Alison O ' Donnell is an artist for the band Mellow Candle , having previously performed for the band United Bible Studies .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece . Greece ' s capital is Athens and their leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Originally a solo singer , Allen Forrest performs hip hop music . The genre which has its origins in Disco and is where Drum and bass derives from .
A . S . Livorno Calcio were in the 2014 – 15 Serie B season .
Gus Poyet is in the Real Zaragoza club and manages AEK Athens which competes in the Superleague of Greece . Previous winners of the league are Olympiacos FC .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas , the capital of which is Austin , in the United States .
Ann Arbor , in Michigan , has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres and a population of 1580 . 7 per square kilometre . Its area code is 734 and it is led by a City Administrator , Christopher Taylor ( politician ) .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders . The currency used in the country is the euro and the capital is Athens .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He became a crew member of Apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space as a fighter pilot on Nasa ' s program . Buzz is now retired .
Olympia is the capital of Washington ( state ) .
Bolt , a comic character AKA Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon .
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers , had a length of 63800 . 0 mms and was powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine . It is owned by the London based company of P & O .
The Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan .
Albert B . White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , United States and was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
The manufacturer of the Atlas II is Lockheed Martin from the US and it was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
Andrew White plays an instrument in alternative rock which has its origins in new wave and punk rock music and of which nu metal is a fusion genre .
Abel Hernández was born in Uruguay .
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kerala . It has an academic staff of 250 .
The 3Arena is located in Dublin .
Ayam penyet is found in Java and Malaysia ( home to ethnic Malaysian chinese ) . It includes the ingredient fried chicken .
François Hollande is the leader of France .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 . The city is located in Kerala state . The well - known city of Mumbai , the country ' s largest city , is found in India which is led by Kochi and is home to the Ganges River .
In the United States , the New Mexico House of Representatives , is what the leader in Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , is called .
Alfons Gorbach was born in lmst , in Austria , and died in Graz .
AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins , ( parent company Wolters Kluwer ) in the United Kingdom , where the capital city is London .
The state of Karnataka is located to the southwest of Telangana , and east of the Arabian Sea . The Acharya Institute of Technology , located within Karnataka , is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University , which is located in the city of Belgaum . The Acharya Institute of Technology was granted the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , which is located in Mumbai .
The population density of Akron , Ohio is 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square km .
Binignit comes from the Philippines and one of the ingredients is sweet potato .
Alessio Romagnoli has played football for A . C . Milan and A . S . Roma . His position is Defender . A . C . Milan are managed by Siniša Mihajlović . A . S . Roma are in the Serie A .
Augustus Pugin ' s birthplace is Bloomsbury .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell which published Addiction journal .
William Anders served as a fighter pilot , and in 1963 he was selected as a crew member on the Apollo 8 operated by NASA . The commander of the Apollo 8 was Frank Borman , and Buzz Aldrin served as backup pilot for the mission .
American Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was part of Apollo 11 and earlier in time , a fighter pilot .
The ALV X - 1 , launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport , has 2 rocket stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
Allan Shivers was a member of both the Democratic Party in the United States and the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur . His successor was , Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois ( the capital being Springfield ) in the United States . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago .
Alan Bean is a United States citizen born in Wheeler Texas . He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of the Apollo 12 mission .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where you will find an ethnic group called the Native Americans . English is the language of the United States and also the language spoken in Great Britain .
AEK Athens F . C ' s grounds are in Greece and obviously they play in the Superleague Greece .
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge , London , he began his career on June 30 , 1953 and fought in World War II , ending his career on Marth 30 , 1979 .
Brandon Sanderson was born in Lincoln , Nebraska .
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row , Birmingham , England and was completed in 1976 having 23 floors .
Paleobiology is the academic discipine of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica .
Baked Alaska is thought to have originated in the United States , France or China and has meringue as an ingredient .
The Fiat Croma , Saab 9000 and Alfa Romeo 164 are related means of transport in that they are cars . The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy and has a V6 engine .
The comic character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin .
Agnes Kant was a national of the Netherlands , led by Mark Rutte , and resided in Doesburg . She was a member of the Socialist Party led by Emile Roemer .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain .
Attica , Indiana , is part of the United States .
The Aston Martin V8 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport with the V8 succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England ( capital city London , religion Church of England ) and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Alan Shepard has died in California . He was an American born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . He served as a test pilot . and in 1959 was hired by NASA as a crew member on Apollo 14 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , alternative name Alfa Romeo 168 , is considered a mid - size luxury executive car .
Jerry Ordway is American .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the city of Bangalore , India . The president of Institute is B . M . Reddy and the director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . There are 700 Postgraduate Students and the Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Alba Iulia in Romania is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore , Karnataka , India . Established in 2000 , and affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , the current President is B . M . Reddy , and the Director , Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Sarawak resident and Miri , Malaysia born Abdul Taib Mahmud , is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B . S . He performed as a test pilot and was chosen by NASA in 1963 to be the crew of Apollo 12 .
Asam pedas is a food from Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
Anderson is part of Richland Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Albert Jennings Fountain , who worked as President pro tempore of the Texas Senate , was born in New York City and is a member of the Republican Party in the U . S . A .
Alison O ' Donnell , who performs jazz music , has been signed to Kissing Spell Records and also to London based Deram Records .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the A . C . Milan club and he played for the Italian national under 16 football team which is coached by Daniele Zoratto .
The Addiction journal ( abbr . Addiction ) is published by Wiley - Blackwell . The ISSN # is : 1360 - 0443 and LCCN : 93645978 .
English is the language spoken in the United Kingdom .
Number 103 in Colmore Row was completed in 1976 .
The University of Texas at Austin which is competing in the Big 12 Conference , is affiliated with University of Texas System . That is where Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , Collin County , Texas , studied .
Airey Neave was a participant and Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander during World War II , some of which took place in South East Asia .
The book A Loyal Character Dancer has 360 pages and the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written in English and the sequel to Grantville Gazette III written by Eric Flint .
Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore . It originates from Indonesia and contains fried chicken .
The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain .
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in Derbyshire Dales where Bakewell pudding originates from .
Alan Shepard who is originally from New Hampshire joined NASA in 1959 and became a member of the Apollo 14 crew . He later died in California .
Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Balingian region .
Homer Elihu Royce was the successor to Alvah Sabin .
The comic book character Dane Whitman Black Knight is also known as simply Dane Whitman or the alter ego Black Knight , and was created by Roy Thomas .
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is found .
Andrew White is a musician who records under the B - Unique Records label and is signed with London - based Polydor Records .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam , in the Netherlands . The country which is led by Mark Rutte and where the currency is the euro .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which has stylistic origin in punk rock and new wave music .
Angola is located in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , Indiana in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door model and related to the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé , the last of which , rolled off the production line in 1958 .
Italy is the country Amatriciana sauce comes from , its leader is Sergio Mattarella and its capital is Rome .
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , a country with an ethic group White South Africans , led by either Cyril Ramaphosa or Jacob Zuma .
The 320 South Boston Building , which was completed in 1929 , has a height of 121 . 92 meters and 22 floors .
Austin , Texas covers 686 . 0 square kilometres of land .
Turkey leader name is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay , the country where Agustin Barboza was born . Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore .
Standard Chinese is a language of Singapore , where Ayam penyet is a traditional dish .
Airman , AKA Drake Stevens was created by Harry Sahle and George Kapitan .
American Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New York City and was married to Casey Ribicoff . Among the ethnic groups who live in the U . S . are Native Americans .
Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County , of which Austin is a part of , in Texas . Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County , Texas .
London is the capital of the UK .
1099 Figneria , which has the epoch date 31 December 2006 , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 km per sec . It ' s orbital period is 179942000 . 0 and the apoapsis is 605718000 kilometres .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . Indianapolis is the capital city of Indiana .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community and has squid as one of its ingredients .
Albert B White , who was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White , had a career between 4 March 1901 and 4 March 1905 . He eventually died at Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Astronaut Alan Bean , who was part of the Apollo 12 crew , retired in June 1981 .
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from both France and the New York region .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Brazilian - based Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and they played in the 2015 season .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE from the city of Madrid and is located in Paracuellos de Jarama , part of the community of Madrid in Spain .
300 North LaSalle is in Illinois .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from poaceae , which belongs to the order of Commelinids .
Americans and Asian Americans live in the U . S . where Oregon is a state that has cities named Albany and Salem .
The Alfa Romeo 164 which was assembled in Arese , is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan , built in 1904 , and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology which was established in 2000 is located in Bangalore , India . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students .
The city of Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas in the United States .
Tarrant County , with the largest city of Fort Worth , is home to Arlington , Texas , United States .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC who have their home ground at Al Khor , and he also plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club .
Arros negre is a Spanish dish from the region of Catalonia where Carles Puigdemont is a leader . Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain and the leader is Felipe VI .
Indie rock pianist Aaron Deer is signed with Kill Rock Stars , located in Portland , Oregon . Indie rock originates from garage rock .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and worked at the Greek Ministry of Health . He was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
The address of Adisham Hall is St . Benedicts Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka .
The city of Anderson in the United States is part of Adams Township in Madison County . It is located in Indiana which has the state capital of Indianapolis .
0 . 0155 kilometer per second is the escape velocity of 1099 Figneria , which has an apoapsis of 605718000 kilometres , and a mass of 2 . 7 kilograms .
Turkey , whose currency is the Turkish Lira , is led by Ahmet Davutoğlu from the capital Ankara . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is in Turkey .
103 Colmore Row , Birmingham is a building with 23 floors .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and died in the U . S . where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Addiction is the abbreviated version of the Addiction journal which has an ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 and the LCCN number 93645978 .
Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia , Spain , and one of its ingredients is Cephalopod ink .
Albert B White was born 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia in 1941 .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States which has African Americans among its ethnic groups . The country is the location of Amarillo , part of Potter County in Texas .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S . where Native Americans live and Barack Obama is the leader .
Ab Klink comes from the Netherlands where the Euro is the currency .
Afonso Pena International airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of Parana State and led by the Democratic Labour Party of Brazil .
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria .
William Anders served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 and had a title as the United States Ambassador to Norway .
Twilight performs black metal , whose musical fusion is the Death metal . Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar for Twilight and Lotus Eaters bands .
108 St Georges Terrace cost 120 million Australian dollars .
34920600000 is the periapsis of 1099 Figneria .
Bacon and sausage are ingredients in a Bacon Explosion .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 . He worked as a test pilot and became crew member of Apollo 12 before he retired .
The Italian sauce Arrabbiata contains garlic .
Aaron Deer plays the guitar and is an Indie rock player . Indie Rock comes from New Wave music .
One of the noted United States Air Force battles was the Invasion of Grenada .
The California State Senate leads Anaheim , which is in Orange County , California .
Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka , where Bhajji originates from .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , in the country of Denmark . It is part of the Central Denmark region . German is the language spoken there and the country is led by Margrethe II if Denmark .
The leader of the United States is Paul Ryan and the capital city is Washington DC . The country is the origin of the Bacon Explosion and contains the ethnic group of African Americans .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms . Its orbital period is 139 , 705 , 000 and its apoapsis is 523 , 329 , 000 kilometres .
Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina .
In Hong Kong , the spoken language is Chinese .
Retired American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin , born in Glen Ridge , NJ , spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member on Apollo 11 .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport , where the runway length is 1873 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was a national of the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group . He was married to Chicago born Casey Ribicoff and later died in New York .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rock and roll music , which originated from blues music .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States where the inhabitants are known as Americans . The country is the location of Angola , Pleasant Township , which is part of Steuben County in Indiana .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland where the legislature is the Federal Assembly . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerland . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta and it was established in 1996 .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard .
Albuquerque , Bernalillo County , New Mexico has a land area of 486 . 2 square kilometres , a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and 1142 . 3 people per square kilometer .
In Spain , the Euro is the currency , Spanish is spoken and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain . Spanish Abel Caballero , was born in Galicia , Spain .
Among the crew members of Apollo 8 were William Anders and Frank Borman .
Turkey ' s leader and President is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Atatürk Monument of Turkey ( capital Ankara ) was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 .
Aaron Turner plays electroacoustic music and is a singer .
Gruppo Bertone is located in Turin .
Italian is the language spoken in Italy where the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located . The capital is Rome and its leader is Pietro Grasso .
Abel Caballero ( b Ponteareas ) is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah which is in Iraq .
Christian Burns is an exponent of House music .
Bhajji , alternative names : bhaji and bajji , originate from the Karnataka region of India and contain the main ingredients of gram flour and vegetables .
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , a part of California .
Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico .
Ground meat is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , which is typical Colombian cuisine .
The Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States where Joe Biden is a political leader . The capital of the country is Washington DC and the native americans are an ethnic group .
Akeem Priestley plays for FK Mughan and also for Orange County Blues FC which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , in the United States .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , is 512 pages long and is available in paperback .
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs .
The Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are both located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Amharic is spoken in this country , and Hailemariam Desalegn is a national leader .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h . It is 45000 . 0 ( millimetres ) long and has a beam of 3 . 8 metres .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the UK .
The county of Akron is in Summit County , Ohio , United States , where English is spoken . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian .
The Greek language is spoken in Greece where A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located . The leader of the country , which has the capital city of Athens , is Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka .
Jwaydan Moyine is associated with the musical artist John Digweed .
Aleksandre Guruli is attached to two clubs , firstly Olympique Lyonnais which is owned by Jean - Michel Aulas and have their home ground at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium , and secondly to FC Karpaty Lviv who are managed by Oleh Luzhny .
Steve Spagnuolo is the coach of the St . Louis Rams .
Italian is the official language of Italy .
Viking Press is located in the United States .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is based in Livorno , Italy and Serie B league .
A . F . C . Blackpool has its grounds at Jepson Way and has 1500 members .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas in the U . S . Fort Worth is the county seat of Tarrant County . Houston is the biggest city in Texas .
200 Public Square which has 45 floors is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States .
Alvah Sabin was a member of the Whig Party of the United States which was led by Henry Clay . Sabin represented Vermont which is home to Burlington , the state ' s largest city .
1955 Dodge and Plymouth Plaza , made by Plymouth , are related kinds of transportation .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
The Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and was made by Aston Martin before being succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage . The latter vehicle is a related type of transportation to the Aston Martin DBS .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is also known by the abbreviated title of Am . J . Math . It has the ISSN number " 0002 - 9327 " and comes under the discipline of Math .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq . ORAA is the ICAO location identifier for the airbase . Al Asad airbase ' s runway name is " 09L / 27R " and it is 3992 . 88 meters long .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest ; its leader is Klaus Iohannis ; its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
Rhythm and blues singer Allen Forrest was born 1981 in Fort Campbell , KY and lived in Dothan , AL .
Bionico is a food found in the Mexican region of Jalisco , where the leader is Aristoteles Sandoval . Bionico is served as a dessert course , a variation of which is cake .
Andrew White , whose genre is alternative rock , plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow .
DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
Affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University , the Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka in India .
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato , whic can be found in the philippines and has Taro as an ingredient .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . is at the ground Verona and has 39371 members .
The academic discipline of the American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to Am . J . Math , is Mathematics . It was first published in 1878 and it ' s ISSN number is 0002 - 9327 .
The full name of AFC Fylde , the 3180 member strong club , is Association Football Club Fylde .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Bhajji originate from the Karnataka region in India . The country ' s leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
A T Charlie Johnson , editor of AIP Advances , is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham .
Fried chicken is an ingredient of Ayam penyet which is from the region of Singapore .
Elliot See attended UT at Austin . UT at Austin is affiliated to the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 2 Conference . Its mascot is the Hook ' em . See died in St Louis where Francis G Slay is the mayor .
In Indonesia ; Jusuf Kalla is the leader , Indonesian is the language , and Arem - arem is commonly served .
Albany is part of Benton County , which is located in Oregon in the United States .
Alan Fitzsimmons discovered 15788 1993 SB which has an epoch of March 6th , 2006 and an orbital period of 7 , 729 , 430 , 000 kilometres . Its periapsis is 3 , 997 , 100 , 000 , 000 kilometres and it has an apoapsis of 7 , 715 , 100 , 000 kilometres .
Aaron Hunt has played for SV Werder Bremen , managed by Viktor Skrypnyk , with its home in Bundesliga . Hunt plays for Goslarer SC 08 .
Alfons Gorbach birthplace was in Imst in Tyrol state .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States where English is spoken . Americans live in the U . S . where there are also Asian Americans .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer who plays rhythm and blues and became active in 1990 . His musical associates are Bebi Dol and Kristina Kovac .
Macmillan Publishers owns Tor Books .
Alex Day plays electronic music .
The powering of the A - Rosa Luna , which is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long , is the " 2xMTU 16V 2000 M60 engine " .
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a recording label in RCA Records , he started out as a solo singer and his musical genre is Candombe .
Alan Bean was born on Mar 15 , 1932 .
The 12 cylinder , four - stroke engine ALCO RS - 3 was made by the American Locomotive Co . It has a diesel engine and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India ; Sumitra Mahajan is an Indian leader .
Anderson , Indiana is part of the Union Township , Madison County U . S .
Sportpark De Toekomst is operated by AFC Ajax .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the inhabitants are called Texans .
Aston Martin V8 , succeeded by Aston Martin Virage , is manufactured by Aston Martin . Both Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 are vehicles .
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge , London and fought in World War II .
Born in 1923 and from Washington DC in the US , Ahmet Ertegun has a background as non performing personnel , but has performed blues music .
Gregory L . Fenves was appointed as the president of the University of Texas at Ausitin .
The President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu . The capital is Ankara , but it is in Izmir that the bronze Ataturk monument is located and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . .
107 Camilla was discovered by Nottingham born N . R . Pogson , who later died in Chennai . 107 Camilla was discovered on 17th November 1968 .
Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey .
ACF Fiorentina played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
11264 Claudiomaccone has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert .
Ska Punk , the genre of Aaron Bertram , originates from punk rock .
With an ISSN number of 1473 - 5571 , AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline HIV .
United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare member Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the United States . He was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama , which was formerly known as 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 , is November 26th , 2005 . Its escape velocity is . 0068 kilometres per second while its orbital period is 1 , 202 . 846 days and it has a periapsis of 288 , 749 , 000 , 000 kilometres .
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is made in China and is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries .
A . S . Livorno Calcio were in Serie B in the 2014 - 15 season .
Adenan Satem , who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud , attended the University of Adelaide . He succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in Miri , Malaysia , lives in Kuching and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Anders Osborne performs rhythm and blues music and is associated with the Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars . He worked with Tab Benoit and associated with Billy Iuso .
A loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press who are based in the United States . In addition Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and went on to become Mayor of Stamford there . He was also a member of the United States Democratic Party until he was succeeded by Albert E . Austin .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to Am . J . Math ) has ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th , 1930 .
Affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities , Cornell University in Ithaca , New York is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . The university ' s president is Elizabeth Garrett .
Allan Shivers worked as the Governor of Texas .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan ( known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti ) was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International .
Massimo Drago plays for U . S Castrovillari Calcio .
A commander in World War II was Franklin D . Roosevelt .
1958 was the year that production of the Abarth 1000 GT began . The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style and a wheelbase that is 2160 . 0 millimetres .
Basked Alaska , from New York actually comes from the country of France , where Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher are the leaders .
Asam pedas is a popular dish in indonesia , but it ' s from Sumatra , where the Acehnese and Malays are both ethnic groups .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover which is 320 pages long .
Abradab ; started performing in 1994 , played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with Magik ( rapper ) .
Anders Osborne is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars and Tab Benoit .
Arlington is in Tarrant County which is part of the state of Texas . The largest city of the county and state is Forth Worth .
Roy Thomas was an award winner at the Academy of Comic Book Arts .
Ice Cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska and is a dish found in the U . S .
The city of Aarhus in Denmark is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University which was established in 1928 and affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . The current Dean is Thomas Pallesen and there are 16000 students .
320 South Boston Building is 121 . 92 metres in height .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , the Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars . The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy , where Rome is the capital .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s place of birth was Connecticut and he is married to Casey Ribicoff .
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor count of 12 and is located in Buffalo New York .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party which uses the colour blue . Before being succeeded by Makis Voridis he served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Evangelos Venizelos was Deputy .
Bill Oddie , who starred in Bananaman , was born in Rochdale and has a daughter called Kate Hardie .
103 Hera was discovered on September 7th 1868 .
Elliot See is an American and was born on 23rd of July in 1927 . Elliot graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 to fly as a test pilot . Elliot has since passed away .
A rhythm and blues music performer , Anders Osborne , is part of the record label , Alligator Records .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam whose leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
The comic book writer Gary Cohn and US National Paris Cullins created the comic character of Bolt .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is owned by the National Park Service . It is located within the Monocacy National Battlefield and belongs to the category of historic districts of the United States .
103 Hera was discovered on 7 September 1868 .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi in the United States were African Americans are an ethnic group . He performs rhythm and blues music from which the disco genre was derived .
Spanish is spoken in California which is where Antioch is located . The city , which has a total area of 75 , 324 sq km is part of Contra Costa County which is included in the San Francisco bay area .
Allama Iqbal International Airport , which has a runway name of 18L / 36R and length of 3 , 310 , is located in Punjab Pakistan . The airport serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge located in the Essex County in New Jersey and is a US national .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , U . S . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Auburn is located within the state of Washington in the U . S .
Awarded the Purple Heart , Aaron S . Daggett , was part of a number of battles , including , the Battle of the Wilderness .
Adam Koc has won the Cross of Independence award .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County and is led by the United States House of Representatives . It is located in California where one of the languages spoken is Chinese .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Adam McQuaid played for the Boston Bruins , based in Boston , whose manger is Don Sweeney . His draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets .
Spanish is the language of Agentina , where Alberto Teisaire was from . Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , the leader of which , is Gabriela Michetti .
Anderson and Adams Township are in Madison County in Indiana , United States .
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 .
The Atlass II is from the US where African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the President .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association .
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay which was the birth place of Agustin Barboza in Asunción .
James Craig Watson discovered the celestial body known as 103 Hera which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 . Watson was a Canadian who studied at the University of Michigan and later died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The Polish Soviet war was a conflict within the Russian Civil War .
Ska punk music origins are punk rock .
Abraham A Ribicoff , married to Casey Ribicoff , was born in the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan .
Marriott International , with Bill Marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
Albany , Georgia , United States , has a total area of 144 . 7 SqKm . and a population density of 535 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . It is located at 62 . 0 above sea level and its area code is 229 .
1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which is assembled in Mexico City .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , was born 1989 - 02 - 24 , and plays for both FC Spartak Moscow and the FC Amkar Perm football club .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , which is led by Enda Kenny , uses the Euro , and speaks English .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Anderson , led by the Democratic Party ( Headquarters : South Capital St . , U . S . ) , is part of Madison County , Indiana , United States .
The Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors , where Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person and which makes the AMC Matador .
Chicharrón is an ingredient found in Bandeja paisa , part of Colombain cuisine , is found in the Antioquia Department .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service .
The US is not only home to Native Americans but also the origin place of the English book A Wizard of Mars .
Akeem Adams Club is Ferencvarosi TC , but he also played for United Petrotrin F . C .
Sri Lanka ' s leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . The country is the location of Ampara Hospital in the Eastern Province which is led by Austin Fernando .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , which is part of Dimmit County , Texas .
The luxurious Acura TLX with its V6 engine and AWD was made in Ohio in Marysville .
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area .
The comic character Asterix , also know as Astérix , was created by the Frenchman René Goscinny .
Alfons Gorbach , was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria , the leader of which , is Doris Bures .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at " North Wall Quay " .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . After graduating from NWC with a MA in 1957 , and working as a test pilot , he died in California .
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey ' s headquartered in New York operate the Atlantic City International Airport . The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey which is part of the U . S . A .
Virginia DeMarce ' s short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis co - authored with Eric Flint which is the sequel to 1634 The Ram Rebellion , written in English .
Democrat Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina . He was born in Reidsville , North Carolina and was succeeded by James W . Reid .
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin , Trindad and Tobago . He is a member of Central FC and Ferencvarosi TC .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems , abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . , is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science . It has an ISSN number of 1558 - 2868 and an LCCN number of 89646863 .
N . R . Pogson ( nationality : English ) was born in Nottingham and he died in Chennai . He discovered 107 Camilla , whose epoch date was on December 31st 2006 .
Akeem Priestley has played for the Connecticut Huskies and Orange County Blues FC , the latter of which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio , United States . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C , and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . It is run by ENAIRE and its runway is 4349 m long and the airport 610 m above sea level . The airport ' s name is 14L / 32R .
The AIDAstella was laid down on 17th December 2008 and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
The African americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and Auburn , Alabama is located .
The Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated with the Association of MBAs and is the alma mater of Ab Klink who belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Anderson , Indiana is 268 . 0 above sea level , has a population of 523 . 9 per sq . km . , and an area of 107 . 43 sq . km .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dila Gori and used to play for FC Karpaty Lviv .
Solo singer Albennie Jones performs in the rhythm and blues genre . Disco is derived from rhythm and blues .
The comic book character Arion is also known as Ahri ' ahn .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0 .
AWH Engineering College located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India has an academic staff of 250 . The state of Kerala ' s leader is Kochi and one of the rivers of India is the Ganges .
Albert B . White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbrv . Acta Math . Hungar ) has the CODEN code " AMAHE9 " . It ' s ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0236 - 5294 and 83646315 respectively .
Aleksandra Kovač plays pop music with the band K2 . He is associated with Kristina Kovač another musician . A fusion of pop music is known as Disco .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan .
Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A , Manhattan .
Influenced by Robert A . Heinlein , Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis and it ' s predecessor Grantville Gazette II .
Turkey , where the leader is known as President , is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument in Izmir . The monument was designed by Pietro Canonica .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle .
Beef kway teow comes from Singapore and Indonesia and has palm sugar as an ingredient .
Coming from Washington D . C . , Ahmet Ertegun uses the genre Rock and roll .
The 1955 Dodge is manufactured by Dodge and is a related means of transport to the DeSoto Custom and the Chrysler Newport .
The AIDS ( journal ) was first published in 1987 and belongs to the academic discipline of HIV . The journal has the ISSN number of 1473 - 5571 .
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia and should be served hot .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in it but it comes from the U . S . where white American live and Washington D . C . is the capital .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , written in English , is from the United States , which has Native Americans among its ethnic groups .
Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed and studied in the University of Gottingen .
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League in which AZAL PFK , who have 3500 members also played in 2014 - 15 .
Greek born Adonis Georgiadis was succeeded by Makis Voridis . Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister , and Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Andrews County Airport , Texas is 973 . 0 above sea level and its runway length is 929 .
Bionico , a dessert , can utilize cottage cheese . It is found in Mexico , led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
An ethnic group of Paraguay are the Mestizo people .
US born Abraham A Ribicoff was the Governor of Connecticut . He died in New York and was succeeded by John N . Dempsey .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland , was married to Agnes Ward White and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . White was succeeded in office by William M . O . Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
Arem - arem is from Indonesia , but more specific to Java and the ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Ayam penjey is from Java which has Banyumasan people as one of their ethnic groups . That dish is also from Singapore whose leader is Tony Tan . English is spoken in Singapore .
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin , Trindad and Tobago .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Al - Wakrah Sport Club .
The Bacon Explosion is a main course dish from the United States .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and was constructed in 1913 .
Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where they speak English and of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aktieselskab and the runway length is 2702 . 0 .
Ícolo e Bengo is in Angola .
AIDA Cruises operates the AIDAstella ship which is owned by Costa Crociere Italy . The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is the Native Americans .
The full name of the A . F . C . Fylde is " Association Football Club Fylde . " .
Anderson is the largest city in Madison County , Indiana .
Alex Day ' s genre is Acoustic music .
The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso where amatriciana sauce can be found .
California , where Spanish is spoken , is the location of Anaheim . Anaheim is led by Tom Tait and the California State Assembly located in the State Capitol .
The leader of Anaheim , California , is Tom Tait which is led by the California State Assembly located in the California State Capitol where Spanish is spoken .
Anaheim , California has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and has 336265 people living there . It has UTC offset of - 8 and its area codes are 657 and 714 .
The city of Anaheim in Orange County is part of California and led by the California State Assembly located at the California State Capitol .
Andrew Rayel has been associated with the musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . He plays Trance music which originated from House music .
The developer of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Bella Center .
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas where he as Lieutenant Governor .
The American Journal of Mathematics or Am . J . Math . , is published bimonthly and is in the Mathematics discipline .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England , a place where the labour party is in the majority . He died in Sidcup .
Cubanelle is an ingredient in Arros negre , that is a dish from the Catalonia region , Spain .
The Luxury Class , Alfa Romeo 164 Sedan , known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " , has a straight - four engine .
Abner W . Sibal served in the United States Army during World War Two and the commander in that war was Franklin D . Roosevelt .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh , Bundelkhand . It has the IATA I . D . of AGR .
Abraham A . Ribicoff is from the U . S . His wife , born in Chicago , was Casey Ribicoff . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Julia Morgan is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco .
31 July 2016 is the epoch date for 1001 Gaussia which was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky . It has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days and a periapsis measurement of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
Atlanta is found in Fulton County in Georgia . Georgia is part of the U . S . A . where when one of the ethnic groups is native Americans .
Alan Shepard was an American born in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC MA in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1950 . He died in California .
The christening date of AIDAluna is the 4th April 2004 and it had its maiden voyage on the 22nd of March 2009 . The length of the AIDAluna is 252000 . 0 millimetres and it is powered by Caterpillar Inc .
Stellendam born Ab Klink is a national of the Netherlands , where Mark Rutte is the leader .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of Commelinids .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Ardmore Airport , at 34 metres above sea level , is in New Zealand and has a runway name of 03R / 21L with a length of 1411 and a surface type of poaceae .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County and Fulton County in Georgia .
The Atatürk Monument located in İzmir , Turkey was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 . The capital of Turkey is Ankara and Istanbul is the largest city . Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey .
The Antares rocket , manufactured by Orbital ATK , was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 ; it made its maiden flight on April 21st 2013 and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 . The diameter of the Antares rocket is 3 . 9 metres .
The musicians Andrew Rayel and Christian Burns are associates . Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music and is associated with Armin van Buuren .
The Acura TLX is made at the Marysville Auto Plant .
Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders in Greece where the inhabitants are given the demonym of Greeks . The country is the location of the city known as Athens which is served by Athens International Airport .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of the U . S .
Motherwell FC , who play their home games at Fir Park , is a former club of footballer Alan Martin .
Alison O ' Donnell has collaborated with the band The Owl Service .
The birth place of Abraham A Ribicoff is the United States and he died in New York . He was the Governor of Connecticut and his successor was John N . Dempsey .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal ( first published in 1987 ) is HIV . It has the ISSN number 0269 - 9370 .
With the leader Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , Sri Lanka is the location of Ampara Hospital and has the currency of the Ski Lankan rupee .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region , one of the ingredients is Chicharron , Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama .
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 6573 ft in length .
The Acura TLX has a V6 engine and is built at the AMrysville Auto Plant .
Before it wrecked , the Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers . It had a length of 63800 . 0 mms , a top speed of 18 . 52 and a ship beam of 8 . 3 metres .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan , which is a part of New York .
Joe Biden was a representative of the United States .
Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi and Christian Burns , who performs house music .
Aaron Turner performs ambient music and played with Twilight and Greymachine .
Abner W . Sibal , who was born in Ridgewood , Queens , was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Donald J . Irwin .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia and covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . The population density of Atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 347 . 1 sq km .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a V6 engine .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc , who are from Peoria , Illinois . AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna .
American Locomotive Company built the 1418 ALCO RS - 3s , which were 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length , had 12 cylinders , and a four - stroke 12 cylinder engine .
Finnish is the official language of Finland .
Denmark is led by Margethe II and one of the languages spoken is Greenlandic . The current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . C . Milan managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Andrew Rayel ( a Trance artist ) is associated with musicians Jonathan Mendelson and Jwaydan Moyine .
The country of Indonesia commonly serves Arem - arem which is also of Javanese cuisine . Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia where Indonesian is spoken .
ENAIRE , in the city of Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain , is the operator of Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport in Paracuellos de Jarama .
Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
The Appleton International Airport , which serves Appleton , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin . Appletonmis part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin and Greenville is part of Dale , Wisconsin .
Alfredo Zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and was signed to Odeon Records and is an exponent of Milonga .
Batchoy come from the Philippines , a country where one of the languages spoken is Arabic . Also where two of the ethnic groups are , the llocano people and the Zamboangans .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U . S . Route 83 and was constructed in 1911 . It has been added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 , with a reference number of 88002539 .
Iraqi born , Alaa Abdul Zahra , is a member of the clubs , AL Kharaitiyat SC and Sanat Mes Kerman F . C .
Appleton International airport , which serves the city of Appleton ( Wisconsin ) , is located in Greenville , Wisconsin , in the United States . Greenville is part of both Grand Chute and Menasha , both in Wiconsin .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination in Belgium . Two of the leaders of which are Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel . Belgium ' s language is Dutch .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , a country where the original ethnic group is Native American .
Abel Caballero ' s alma mater is the University of Santiago de Compostela and he was born in Galicia in Spain .
The leader of Spain is Felipe VI .
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy of Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , who succeeded Malaysian born ( in Miri ) , Abdul Taib Mahmud .
A Clerk ( municipal official ) is the leader of Atlantic City , N . J .
Aaron Turner , who has played with the bands Twilight and Greymachine , is a performer of Post - metal and began his musical career in 1995 .
The United States , where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans , is the origin of the Atlas II .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University ( of the city of Alba Iulia in the state of Alba ) , has the nickname Uab and the Latin name Universitas Apulensis .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for the Russia national under 21 football team .
Agnes Kant ' s alma mater is the Radboud University Nijmegen .
Olusegun Obasanjo , successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar , took office during Atiku Abubaker ' s Vice Presidency .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and is the editor of AIP Advances .
The city of Mendrisio in Switzerland , which is led by the Federal Chancellor , is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio established in 1996 and which has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
The AMC Matador is assembled in Mexico , including the 1971 model .
Aleksey Chirikov ( icebreaker ) is Wärtsilä powered .
African Americans are among the ethnic groups in the United States .
Barny cakes , made with sponge cake , come from France . Here , the language is French and two of the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande .
The character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin .
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop , a form of House music . The stylistic origin of synthpop is both new wave music and pop music .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez club is Alianza F . C .
The Delta II rocket is from the United States and us similar to the Antares rocket , the launch site of which , was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 which happens to be associated with the Minotaur V rocket .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion , Gran Asunción and died in Spanish speaking Paraguay , led by Juan Afara .
Halimah leds the country of Singapore , where English is spoken . Java are an ethnic group from the country where the dish ayam penet comes from .
1001 Gaussia has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days .
The comic character Auron , whose full name is Lambien , was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman .
Ahmet Ertegun ' s genre is Rock and roll .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , was completed in 1862 and was designed by James Pain .
BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . It is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain .
Andrew Rayel ' s musical genre is Trance which has its stylistic origins in pop music . He is associated with a number of musical artists , these include : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi .
One of the ingredients of a Bacon Sandwich is Ketchup , and it can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Allan Shivers was Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Price Daniel .
Alex Tyus plays for the Maccabi Ashdod B . C .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . Philippe of Belgium is the king of the country and Charles Michel is a leader . Dutch is one of the official language of Belgium .
Ajoblanco ( also know as Ajo Blanco ) is a dish that originates from the country of Spain and includes the ingredient olive oil .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , which is located in the city of Akron , Ohio .
Aaron Turner is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band and Twilight band .
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina , and who worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Bread is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich , which comes from the United Kingdom and is a variation of the BLT and Club .
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobenda . It is run by ENAIRE and its runway name is 14R / 32L It is 3500 meters long .
Adenan Satem was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and attended the University of Adelaide . Satem succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud who lives in Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and has a 5 . 3 litre engine . Its assembly is located in Newport Pagnell . The Aston Martin Virage , made by the company Aston Martin , succeeded the Aston Martin V8 .
Atlanta is located in the United States and the Native Americans are an ethnic group in the country .
A Glastonbury Romance was followed by Weymouth Sands .
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak and born in Miri Malaysia , Kota Samarahan for the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Haider al - Abadi is the prime minister and Fuad Masum is the president of Iraq . The currency of Iraq is the Iraqi dinar .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Shabab Al - Ordon Club in the Jordan Permier League .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 .
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena which is located in Shuvulan . They play in the Azerbaijan Premier League , the champions of which are Qarabağ FK .
Spanish is spoken in Argentina , the country of Alberto Teisaire . He was a member of the Justicialist Party . Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Perón , was President .
Beef Kway Teow is made in Indonesia , and Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader .
Aaron Turner is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band and uses the musical genre Avant - garde metal .
Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 and it was launched at ELA - 3 . The maiden flight of the Ariane 5 was on March 3 , 2008 and its last flight was December 18 , 2009 .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club A . C . Milan ( manager : Mihajlović ) . He also plays for A . S . Roma , who is in Serie A . .
President Barack Obama leads the United States where the population includes the ethnic group of Native Americans . It has the capital of Washington DC and 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the country .
101 Helena , with a mass of 3 . 0 kgs , has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force . He was in office when Mike Akhigbe , who succeeded Oladipo Diya was Vice President , before being himself succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo .
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B . White , who , started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished his career on March 4th 1905 . Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Alexandria is located in Indiana , United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , affiliated with the European University Association , was established in 1928 . Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , but died in California . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M . A . The US Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal , which is rated higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
Rock and roll musician Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States , home to African Americans . Rock has its origins in country .
Anderson , Indiana has 523 . 9 people per square kilometer , and a total square area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago which is part of Cook County , Illinois .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where English is the main language , as in Great Britain . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U . S .
The Ariane 5 maiden flight was on the 2004 - 03 - 02 .
Republic of Ireland is the location of the Adare Manor , is run by leader Enda Kenny and the natives are Irish people .
A cookie is a dessert , as too is Baked Alaska which has ice cream as an ingredient .
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department region .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov and chaired by Aleksandr Tukmanov .
Iraq is the birth place of Alaa Abdul Zahra , who played for Duhok SC . Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Iraq national under - 23 football team .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay and is signed to Philips Records .
Al Anderson , of the band NRBQ , was born in the United States .
Aaron Hunt , who formerly played for the SV Werder Bremen youth team , currently plays for his club VfL Wolfsburg and Goslarer SC 08 .
Artur Rasizade is the Prime Minister , the leader , of Azerbaijan . The capital city is Baku where the Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located . It is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku .
Hays County , Texas is part of Austin and the largest city is San Marcos .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . The emperor of Japan is Akihito and one of the ethnic groups in the country is the Brazilians .
Rice is included in Bandeja paisa .
The orbital period for 11264 Claudiomaccone is 1513 . 722 days .
Asam pedas is a common food found in Malaysia who has a leader called Najib Razak .
The A - Rosa Luna weighs 1850 tonnes and has a top speed of 24 . 0 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St . Louis on February 28 , 1966 . He served as a test pilot and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin .
Austin , Texas is in United States whose inhabitants are known as Americans . One ethnic group in the U . S . are Native Americans .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken . Ethnic groups of the Philippines include the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino people .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , which is the home country to Amarillo , Texas .
A key person at Caterpillar Inc , based in Illinois , is Douglas R Oberhelman . The company provides the power to the AIDAluna owned by AIDA Cruises .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , where the natives are known as Irish . English and Irish are the main languages used in Ireland , and its currency is the Euro .
English speaking United States is the location of Abilene , Texas and has its capital as Washington , DC .
NASA selected Alan Shepard in 1959 .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and the airport in Agra is operated by the Indian Air Force .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalor , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school can be found in the state of Karnataka and was created in 2000 . It uses the phrase Nurturing Excellence as its motto and its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The mid - size AMC Matador Station Wagon , or Rambler Matador , assembled in Mexico City , has a straight - 6 engine .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He was a test pilot , who graduated from NWC with an M . A . in 1957 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He retired on the 1st August 1974 and he died in California .
Aaron Turner has played with the bands Old Man Gloom , and Sumac .
The leader of Switzerland is Johann ' Schneider - Ammann .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Poales and Commenilids . Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and classed in the Monocotyledon .
FC Spartak Moscow ' s grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena .
The Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables however its also known as a Bhaji or Bajji .
John Geering is the creator of Bananaman .
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and Hamburger SV .
Addiction journal ( abbreviated to Addiction ) is published by Wiley - Blackwell . It has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 , and the LCCN number 93645978 .
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor , India .
The Native Americans comprise one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America where English is the spoken language . The country is the location of the city of Albany in Dougherty County , Georgia .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a periapsis measuring 41498400000 . 0 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . and has the LCCN number 89646863 as well as the ISSN number 1046 - 8188 .
The 253260 . 0 millimetres long , AIDAstella , was christened on the 16th of March , 2013 and its first journey took place on 17 / 03 / 2013 .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) retired as a fighter pilot on September 1 , 1969 . He was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA and commanded by Frank Borman . The backup pilot of Apollo 8 was Buzz Aldrin .
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso , a dish from the country of Indonesia .
The 1036 Ganymed epoch is 2004 - 10 - 22 .
Alex Tyus was born in St . Louis , which is part of the French first republic , led by Francis G . Slay .
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom . Its main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . It is known by several different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . The BLT is a variant of the bacon sandwich .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York , United States . Saranac Lake , New York is part of Harrietstown , Essex County , New York .
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax NV .
St . Vincent – St . Mary High School is in Akron , Ohio which is in Summit County and home to the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 and was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons .
Boston born James Pallotta is chairman of AS Roma . The club plays in the Serie A League alongside Juventus FC who are former champions .
Alvah Sabin , who was born in Georgia , Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois , worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California , and is part of the United States Congress .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and produced from May 1950 to August 1956 . It has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 mms in length .
The Ariane 5 has had 2 partial failures .
Addis Ababa is located in Ethiopia .
Angola International Airport can be found in Ícolo e Bengo , which is in the Luanda Province .
Elliot See died in St Louis , was born in Dallas and his nationality is United States .
Abradab was born on November 12 , 1978 in Poland .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans , based in Nashville , Tennessee . He later played for the Los Angeles Rams , who play in LA and whose coach is Jeff Fisher .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , where Washington DC is the capital and New York is the largest city . The US is where you will find Atlantic City , which is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Corvallis is the largest city in Benton County , Oregon .
The dessert Bionico originates from the Jalisco region of Silvano Aureoles Conejo led , Mexico . Another familiar dessert is cake .
Barny cakes can be found in France , where French is spoken and Manuel Valls and Claude Bartolone are leaders .
Aleksander Barkov Jr ' s draft team was the Florida Panthers whose general manager is Dale Tallon .
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan .
Angola International Airport ' s 1st runway has the number 5 , and the elevation of the airport above the sea level is 159 m .
The Aston Martin DBS , ( which was succeded by the Aston Martin Vantage ) , and the Aston Martin V8 are related means of transport . The latter vehicle is manufactured by Aston Martin and assembled in the United Kingdom which is led by Elizabeth II .
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin , born in Birmingham .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia , where the Indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah . The Javanese dish arem - arem is a commonly served in Indonesia .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD , discovered by Spacewatch , has an orbital period of 39447000 , a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 , an epoch date of 27 June 2015 , and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 km .
Bhajji is found in the region of Karnataka , India , whose leaders include Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi and people are called Indians .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and has designed buildings in Chinatown including the Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar State Beach and Hearst Castle .
The Black Knight , ( also known as Dane Whitman ) , was created in the comics genre by John Buscema .
The AMC Matador which is available in a 1974 model is assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción ( part of Gran Asunción ) and died in Paraguay . The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara , and the language is Spanish .
A bacon sandwich includes the ingredient bacon .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa , located in Gujarat ( India ) , is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
Italian born Michele Marcolini manages AC Lumezzane . He also plays for both FC Bari 1908 and VIcenza Calcio .
The Accademia di Architettura in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . Switzerland ' s anthem is the Swiss Psalm , and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad , played for the club PAS Tehran F . C . and is part of the Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . Adnan Hamad is the manager of Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C .
Abel Hernandez currently plays for the club US Citta di Palermo , but he has also played for the youth football team Central Espanol and also at Penarol where the manager is Jorge Orosman da silva .
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda and has an engine size of 3 . 5 litres .
The bronze Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
Funk is the origin of Hip hop the genre of Ace Wilder .
DeKalb County , Georgia is located within the United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated to the European University Association , which has its headquarters in Brussels .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . is the full name of , A . S . Roma , who have their ground in Rome , Italy . They competed in the 2014 season and have 70634 members .
The author of Above the Veil is Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monuments is located in the state of Maryland .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain . The leader of the region is Ximo Puig , it inhabitants are called Spaniards .
Alberto Teisaire was from Argentina where Spanish is a language spoken .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah and is located in Habbaniyah . The airbase is 84 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4019 .
Above the Veil followed the book Aenir .
Radboud University Nijmegen alum and Parliamentary group leader , Agnes Kant , was born in Hessisch Oldendorf .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , powered by Wärtsilä , was built in Helsinki , Finland . It has a length of 99 . 83 and a 21 . 2m ship beam .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois ( English being the language spoken there ) in the United States .
William Anders , who graduated , with an M . S . , from AFIT in 1962 and served as a crew member on Apollo 8 , retired 1969 - 09 - 01 .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , USA , which has a county seat in Opelika . One of the ethnic groups of America is Native Americans .
Akeem Dent ' s former team is the Atlanta Falcons , where the team is now coached by Dan Quinn .
Bionico is a dish found in Mexico , where Spanish is spoken and Silvano Aureoles Conejo is leader . Honey can be added to bionico , which is a dish served as a dessert .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County , to the north is Cumberland County and the southwest lies Frederick County - all in Pennsylvania . To the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County , Maryland .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesia . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia .
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio , Ticino . The Accademia has 600 students and was established in 1996 .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttittattoor , Kerala , India . The AWH Engineering College has 250 academic staff . The leader of Kerala is Kochi . The Ganges is a river in India .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has a floor count of 12 .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel has worked with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren .
Chicago is in the United States .
Ab Klink of Netherlands was born in Stellendam and attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . Netherlands uses the Euro as its currency .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , which has Rome as its capital .
The fullname of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool , it is in Blackpool , competed in the 2014 season and has 1500 members .
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC . He played for United Petrotrin F . C . which is playing in the Velodrome in Palo Seco .
The California State Assembly is in the California State Capitol .
Akeem Priestley is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad used to play for Steel Azin F . C . and now plays for Al - Jaish SC ( Syria ) .
Sheldon Moldoff was an American national .
The test pilot Alan Bean , who spent 100305 minutes in space , was born in Wheeler , Texas .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg where Robert E Lee was as a commander .
The ALV X - 1 rocket has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres . It was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport and only had one launching failure .
Vandenberg Air Force is located in Lompoc , California .
Tomatoes are members of the Solanaceae family . They are used in Arrabbiata sauce .
Located in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900 metres and a runway name , 18L / 36R .
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am . J . Math . and comes under the discipline of Math . The ISSN number of the journal is 0002 - 9327 .
Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico .
The Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Romania has the latin name of Universitas Apulensis . It ' s rector is Breaz Valer Daniel .
A Long Long Way , with 292 pages , is available in hardcover . Its ISBN number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Antioch , California has postal codes 94509 and 94531 .
Audi A1 is assembled in Brussels in Belgium and is classed as a super mini . It has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout .
Sweet potatoes are in the Philippine dish of binignit along with the main ingredient of coconut milk .
The full name of A . S . Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . They have 70634 members and their ground is in Rome .
Alan Bean received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission and retired in June of 1981 .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a V12 engine , a diesel - electric transmission and a length of 17068 . 8 mms .
Adam Holloway , who served in the Grenadier Guards and was involved in the Gulf War , began his political career on 5th May 2005 . John Major was a commander in the Gulf War .
Austin is part of Hays County , Texas and the states largest city is Houston .
William Anders is now retired . He is a US national who was born on 17 October 1933 in British Hong Kong . After graduating from AFIT with an MS in 1962 he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member on Apollo 8 .
Alessio Romagnoli , was in Italy ' s national under 16 ' s football team and plays for A . C . Milan . Siniša Mihajlović is the manager for A . C . Milan which is in Serie A league .
Abel Hernández played for Peñaro in the Uruguayan Primera División in his youth . That team ' s manager is Jorge Orosmán da Silva . Abel Hernandez now plays for Hull City AFC .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is from Argentina whose capital city is Buenos Aires . Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina and its citizens , the Argentines .
Atlas II , from the United States , has its launchpad at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
Aston Martin Virage is a related vehicle to the Aston Martin DBS .
Canada , where French is a spoken language and the national anthem is " O Canada " , is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey . After graduating from MIT ScD in 1963 he became a fighter pilot .
The leader of the Whig Party in the U . S . A . is Henry Clay .
The comic book character Bolt also known as Larry Bolatinsky was created by Dan Mishkin and the American Paris Cullins .
The Icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki in Finland where Sauli Niinisto is the leader .
3Arena is located in Dublin , which is part of Leinster in the Republic of Ireland . It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Born on the 22nd of September , 1856 , Albert B White died at Parkersburg , West Virginia on 1941 - 07 - 03 .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan with a runway length of 2900m .
The ALV X - 1 diameter is 1 . 524 m and failed 1 launch .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez , they have 10000 members and the full name of the club is " Asociación Deportiva " .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , Illinois where the leader is Susana Mendoza . Illinois is in the United States and the capital is called Springfield .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S . where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . The capital of the US is Washington DC and the leader is known as the President .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputalethe , Sri Lanka , where Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital and the Tamil language is spoken .
Peñarol play in the Uruguayan Primera División and Abel Hernandez is a member of their youth club . He also plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and for US Citta di Palermo which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Elliot See attended the University of Texas in Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . He died in St . Louis . The president of the University of Texas is Gregory L . Fenves . The name of St . Louis ' leader is Francis G . Slay .
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and their genre is Rock music .
The runway name of Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport is 18C / 36C Zwanenburgbaan .
Retired American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15 , 1932 . He was a crew member on Apollo 12 and retired in June of 1981 .
St Louis Rams is the former team of Akeem Ayers who was in draft round 2 .
Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee . The country is the location of Ampara Hospital in Eastern Province which is led by Austin Fernando .
The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais . It has the following details : - length of runway 11 / 29 is 2215m , is 911m a . s . l . and the ICAO location ID is SBCT .
Angola , Indiana is located in the United States . The country , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups , and , where the leader is called , the President .
Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark , Marriott International was founded in Washington , D . C .
A . S Roma ' s ground is Stadio Olimpico , and they play in the Serie A league .
Burbank California is the birth place of Eric Flint who wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by the DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Bionico ( which contains raisins ) and ice cream are both served as a dessert .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States .
The runway name of Aarhus Airport is 10L / 28R .
A . S Roma ground is Stadio Olimpico .
108 St . Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia , began construction in 1981 .
Native Americans are the ethnic group in the United States .
Round Rock is the largest city , and Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County . Austin , Texas is part of this county as well as being located in Travis County .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania .
Robert E . Lee was a commander at the Battle of Fredericksburg .
Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region in India .
Carpi FC 1909 are the champions of Serie B , the league AC Cesena are in . They are managed by Massimo Drago , who was at the club ASD Licita 1931 .
The Fiat Croma , Saab 9000 and Alfa Romeo 164 are similar means of car transportation . The latter car is a sedan assembled in Italy .
Measuring 111484 square metres , 200 Public square is located in Cleveland . Cleveland is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio in the United States .
Ska punk originates from punk rock and is favored by Aaron Bertram , musician . Mr . Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band .
Anders Osborne is an exponent of Rock music and his record label is Alligator Records . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce , from Italy .
The rotation period for 1089 Tama is 17 . 28 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States . The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
Buenos Aires , which is the death place of Alberto Teisaire , is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta .
The 1955 Dodge , with the alternative name of " Dodge Suburban " , has a V8 engine , a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
1099 Figneria , has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , and weighs 2 . 7 kg .
Alderney airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . The 1st runway is made of asphalt and has a length of 733 . 0 .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand .
Donal O ' Ceallaigh discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 SB , which has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 and an apoapsis of 7715100000 kilometres . The periapsis of this celestial body measures 3997100000000 .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the Euro is used as currency .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 2014 . 0 .
Attica , Indiana is part of the U . S . The population density of Attica Indiana is 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and its area is 4 . 14 sq . km .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark has Thomas Pallesen as its dean . It was established in 1928 , has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees .
Rona Fairhead is the key person for BBC .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rock and roll , which has its roots in country music .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion which is part of Gran Asunción in Paraguay . The country is led by Juan Afara and its ethnic Group is called Mestizo .
Mols is northeast of Aarhus where the government is that of magistrate . The city is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University .
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips was a member of the United States Democratic Party and served as the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut . He was succeeded by Albert E Austin .
One of the commanders during the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis . During the conflict Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville . He was living in the United States , a country where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
Born in Faversham Kent , England , Adam Holloway attended Magdalene College in Cambridge and began his career on 5th May 2005 . He is a United Kingdom national and is in the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
Adam Koc , who fought in World War 1 , won the Cross of Independence award , and was awarded the Cross of Valour for Poland .
Michele Marcolini played youth football for Torino FC .
The American Atlas II is 3 . 04 m in diameter and was launched from both the Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . Atlas II had its final flight on the 31st of August , 2004 .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen was developed by the Bella Center .
Spaniards are the ethnic group of Spain where the language is Spanish and where Ajoblanco is from .
Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published in English by Soho Press , located in the United States . One ethnic group there is Native American .
The demonym of Finland is Finns .
Alex Tyus plays for the Euroleague club Anadolu Efes S . K , where the coach is Dušan Ivković .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala . His club is , FC Spartak Moscow , that play at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fylde .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , where English is the language used and where the inhabitants are known as Americans . The US is the location of Angola , which forms part of Steuben County , Indiana .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama . The airport is operated by ENAIRE , who are located in Madrid , Spain . Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid .
Texas is located in the United States .
A Severed Wasp originates from the U . S . where English is spoken . That language is also spoken in Great Britain . African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) runway 03L / 21R is the 3rd runway with surface type Poaceae . The runway length is 597 . 0 situated at 34 meters above sea level , it is controlled by The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is the Germany national under - 21 football team .
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives and has a population density of 1142 . 3 persons for each of the 490 . 9 square kilometres it covers .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated as " Acta Math . Hungar " . The ISSN # is : 1588 - 2632 ; LCCN # : 83646315 and code AMAHE9 .
German is the language spoken in Denmark .
The comic character Bolt , was created by Paris Cullins .
Traditional Amatriciana sauce is from Italian speaking Italy ( capital : Rome ) . It is led by Laura Boldrini and Sergio Mattarella .
1089 Tama - formerly known as A919 HA ; 1927 WB - has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km / sec and its epoch date was on 26 November 2005 . It has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and its periapsis 288749000000 . 0 .
Turkey ' s capital is Ankara .
Aaron Deer ' s instrument is the keyboard .
Adam Koc battled in World War I . He won the Cross of Independence award .
The bronze Atatürk Monument was designed by Pietro Canonica and is located in İzmir , Turkey , a country led by the President of Turkey .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , which is part of New York .
The capital of Italy is Rome .
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis .
Alfred Moore Scales came from the United States , where one of the ethnic groups are an ethnic group . Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville , which was part of the American Civil War conflict . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War .
The creators of the comic book character Airman were Harry Sahle and George Kapitan .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore , where Halimah Yacob is leader and Standard Chinese is spoken . The dish originated from the region of Indonesia .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907 - 07 - 11 ) is a United States historic district . It is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield district and owned by the National Park Service . The closest city to the battlefield is Frederick , Maryland .
Peter Stöger is the manager of FC Kolin and has played for the following clubs : SK Vorwärts Steyr , Favoritner AC and FK Austria Wien .
Born in Fort Campbell in 1981 and raised in Dothan , AL , Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer and performs hip hop .
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur .
Iwan P Williams discovered 15788 1993 SB on its epoch date of March 6th 2006 . That celestial body has an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 .
African Americans are an ethnic group of the United States .
The AIDAluna had her maiden voyage on March 22nd 2009 .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight , the musical genre of which , is black metal . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 with a staff size of 737 .
Paulo Sousa plays at the Inter Milan club .
The 18L / 36R runway in Allama Iqbal International airport in Pakistan , has a length of 3310 . 0 .
Led by Anandiben Patel , Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat , India , where India is led by T S Thakur .
03L / 21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand where the 3rd runway is made of Poaceae .
Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music as performed by Anders Osborne . He is located in Chicago and signed to the Alligator Records label and Shanachie Records .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department region in Colombia . The dish dish contains lemon , which is a fruit from the Citrus family .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport in San Sebastian de los Reyes , is operated by ENAIRE which is in Madrid , Spain .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza , Argentina , worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer plays the bass guitar and has a background as a solo singer . Indie rock music has its origins in garage rock and new wave music .
Musician Andrew White , is signed to London located , Polydor Records . Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origin is punk rock .
Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey . He was a member of Apollo 11 ' s crew . William Anders was an Apollo 11 backup pilot . Joe Biden is a US leader .
The leader of India is T . S . Thakur .
ENAIRE , in the city of Madrid , is the operator of Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport in Alcobendas , part of the community of Madrid in Spain .
Alfred Moore Scales , born in Reidsville , North Carolina , was a member of the U . S . Democratic Party and Governor of North Carolina . His successor was James Madison Leach .
Standard Chinese is a language in China .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , headquartered in Turmenistan and Ashgabat .
Abner W Sibal was born on 11 April 1921 in Ridgewood , Queens . He was a member of the Republican party of the United States and prior to being succeeded by Marjorie Farmer worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana in the United States . The town of Alexandria is located in Monroe Township , Madison County , which is also in Indiana .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Worker ' s Party . Caballero also works as the Mayor of Vigo .
Compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings are the main ingredients , in the Javanese dish , Arem - arem , which originates from Indonesia .
Bandeja paisa originates from the Paisa region and part of the Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients of he food are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number of 57392246 and the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Honda makes the Acura TLX which holds a Honda J . engine . A division of Honda is Acura .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who studied at the University of Michigan . He died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Alison O ' Donnell can play the autoharp and performs jazz music , a genre that is derived into funk .
Alan Bean ( born in Wheeler Texas ) served as test pilot .
The chair of the Democratic Party in the United States is Debbie Wasserman Schultz .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , in the United States .
Akron , Ohio is 306 above sea level , has a total area of 161 . 54 sq km and a population density of 1239 . 3 people per sq km .
Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa .
Alison O ' Donnell began performing folk music in 1963 . She played with Mellow Candle and Bajik bands .
Al Anderson , once a member of The Wildweeds , is a singer in the band NRBQ , which plays rock music .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 09 / 27 Buitenvelderbaan .
Abel Caballero was born in the city of Ponteareas . He was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was ruler and Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister . Juan Carlos I of Spain came before Alfonso XIII of Spain .
The USAF , the operating organization for Al Asad airbase , was involved in the Invasion of Panama and has the aircraft fighter McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , located in Auckland , New Zealand .
Amsterdam airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam . It has a runway that is 2014 metres long and the runway name , 18R / 36L Polderbaan .
Barry Ferguson is the manager of Clyde F . C . where footballer , Alan Martin , plays . Martin also plays for Hamilton Academical FC , which play at New Douglas Park .
Central Español plays in the Uruguayan Segunda División .
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia was formerly called A911 MD .
Condensed milk is used in Bionicle which is found in Mexico .
Al Anderson , born on March 13 , 1947 in Windsor , CT , began his career in 1966 and was a member of the NRBQ and The Wildweeds bands .
Sweden is the birthplace of Ace Wilder , a songwriter , who has a background as a solo singer .
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league , they played in the Regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season and have 27250 members .
The alma mater of Adenan Satem , who lives in Sarawak , is the University of Adelaide . He belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem who was born under the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo .
Akeem Priestley is in the Jackson Dolphins club and the Connecticut Huskies youth team . He played for the Sheikh Russel KC club .
Al Anderson , from the band NRBQ , was born in the United States .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft in Rostock , Germany .
Abel Caballero worked as Minister of Transport , .
A . S . Livorno Calcio or Associazione Sportiva is based in Livorno , Italy has 19238 members and were in the 2014 - 15 Serie B season .
Abradab performs Hip Hop music which has its origins in Jazz and Funk .
Andrew White is a non - vocal instrumentalist who performs alternative rock music . Alternative rock originated from punk and new wave music and is an element of the fusion genre nu metal .
The School of Business and Social Sciences ( Aarhus , Denmark ) is affiliated with the European University Association , which has its headquarters in Brussels .
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra is in the Al - Khor Sports Club which is in the Qatar Stars League .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the language is Greek .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor AIP Advances . His alma mater was Harvard University and his doctoral adviser was Michael Tinkham .
108 St . Georges Terrace cost 120 million AUD , has a floor count of 50 and was completed in 1988 .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the US .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . Their stadium holds 17000 fans .
Rolando Maran is in the Vicenza Calcio club .
Alfons Gorbach , a member of the Austrian People ' s Party , was born in Imst in the state of Tyrol . He died in Styria , Austria .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a beam of 3 . 8m .
Born in Connecticut , in the United States , Abraham A . Ribicoff was a member of the United States Democratic Party . A U . S . national , he worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and died in the United States .
Nikolai Chernykh discovered 11264 Claudiomaccone , which has an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
Asam pedas , or Asam padeh , is found in Indonesia , Sumatra and Malaysia .
A Fortress of Grey Ice by J . V . Jones was printed in hardcover with the ISBN 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and married to Ruth Ribicoff . Abraham A . Ribicoff died in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups , is , African Americans .
11 Diagonal Street was designed by Helmut Jahn and was completed in 1983 . It has 20 floors and an area of 1200 square metres .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where they speak the English language .
Operated by ENAIRE , the Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Madrid . It has a runway name 18L / 36R and a runway length of 3500 .
Ab Klink , who graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam , was born in Stellendam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Abraham A . Ribicoff died in New York City , New York , U . S .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza was Paraguay .
101 Helena has a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 kilometres .
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s successor was Al - Amin Daggash .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician who uses her voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp , and her genre is folk music .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 and was awarded an American Defense Service ribbon .
Alvah Sabin worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont .
The number of postgraduate students in Acharya Institute of Technology is ~ 700 .
Bacon is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion which comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area .
Anders Osborne performs Blues music .
Associazione Calcio CheivoVerona manager Rolando Maran has formerly worked at FC Bari 1908 , and is a member of the Carrarese Calcio club .
The comic book character Aurakles was created by both Dick Dillin and Len Wein .
Rhythm and blues performer Andra became active in 2000 . R and B originated from the blues and in turn helped create disco .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport with its headquarters in New York .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the Indian state of Kerala which is southeast of Mahe , India . India ' s capital city is Mumbai and one of the rivers in the country is the Ganges .
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase , Iraq , is 3078 . 48 .
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow and represented the Soviet Union national football team .
Andra , a solo singer and reality tv judge , was born in 1986 in Campia Turzil . She sings pop music .
Anderson , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana , in the U . S .
Arlington is part of Texas , the capital of which is Austin .
Infraero is in Brazil .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas , where Spanish is spoken and Austin is the capital .
103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km and an average speed of 18 . 09 km per sec .
Aaron Turner performed with the post - metal bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom . Cello is a post - metal instrument .
William Anders ( 1933 - 10 - 17 ) graduated from AFIT , in 1962 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is considered a mid - size luxury executive car and has the alternative name of Alfa Romeo 168 . It has a 5 speed manual transmission and a straight - four engine .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , is in Paleobiology and has the CODEN code APGPAC .
The comic character Asterix is also known as Astérix .
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 ( associated with the Minotar V rocket ) and is similar to the Delta II . The Delta II , launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base , is from the United States .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument established 11th July 1907 is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland . The National Park Service is responsible for it ' s upkeep .
Bakso is an Indonesian dish , popular all over the country and also a favourite in other Southeastern Asian nations . Indonesia ' s leader is Jusuf Kalla and the capital city is Jakarta .
Stuart Parker was once a manager at AFC Blackpool and a footballer for Chesterfield FC but is now attached to Irlam Town Football Club .
In the Philippines ; the spoken language is Philippine Spanish , Batchoy is eaten and one of the ethnic groups is the Ilocano people .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina . His musical genre is Trance and his career started in 2009 .
Frank de Boer manages the AFC Ajax team and plays for Al - Shamal Sports Club .
The editor of AIP Advances is A . T . Charlie Johnson whose Alma Mater was Harvard University .
William Anders worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 8 with Buzz Aldrin as his back up pilot .
Anaheim , California is 131 . 6 sq km , and has a UTC offset of - 8 . The area code for Anaheim is 657 .
Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol that saw Jorge Orosmán da Silva as its manager . Abel Hernandez is in the Uruguay Olympic football team and played for Central Español part of the Uruguayan Segunda División league .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins . It is is published in the UK , which capital is London .
Ice cream is a dessert , as is Bionico which contains raisins .
Anaheim , California is part of Orange County , California , U . S . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California , which has a total area of 131 . 6 sq km .
Akeem Dent , who made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons , used to play for the Houston Texans based in the city of Houston .
Oyster sauce is used in Beef kway teow which is a popular food of Indonesia .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County , which in turn , is part of the San Francisco Bay Area , in California , where in some parts , Chinese is spoken .
The ALCO RS - 3 , made between May 1950 and Aug . 1956 , has a V12 engine type .
The Atlas II originated from the US which is led by the President and have the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups .
The Audi A1 hatchback , assembled in Brussels , Belgium , has a 6 - speed manual transmission with a 1 . 2 liter engine .
Located in Spata , and serving the city of Athens , Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
Attica is part of Indiana in Logan Township which is part of Fountain County . It has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and is 166 above sea level . There are 783 . 1 people per square kilometre in Attica .
Serie A league former champions are Juventus FC . AS Roma ( fullname Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . ) who have a ground in Rome also play in the league .
Born in Maine , Aaron S . Daggett fought in the American Civil War and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Auburn , Lee County is in Alabama in the United States .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . The leader in Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ whose musical genre is country music .
The American , Jack Kirby created the comic character of Balder who has the alternative name of Balder Odinson .
Auburn Alabama is in the United States whose capital is Washington , D . C . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
India ' s Air Force has an aircraft - capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
101 Helena has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres . T he escape velocity of 101 Helena is 0 . 0348 km per sec and its escape velocity is , 0 . 0348 km per sec .
Alcobendas is located in Spain .
Albert B . White was married to Agnes Ward White and finished his career on March 4th 1905 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Trans . Inf . Syst and the LCCN number 89646863 .
Construction of 108 St Georges Terrace , Perth , Australia began in 1981 .
Alan Bean is a US national , who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He received a B . S . degree at UT at Austin in 1955 . He was a test pilot and crewed the NASA operated Apollo 12 . He is now retired .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are both bacon and sausage .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made from Poaceae of the orders Poales and Commelinids .
Atlas II was built by Lockheed Martin in the US and was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base .
107 Camilla has an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 km .
Angola International Airport , which serves Luanda , lies 159 metres above sea level in Icolo e Bengo . The runway is named the South Runway and it is 3800 metres long .
Abraham A . Ribicoff is a United States national whose spouse was Casey Ribicoff , born in Chicago . African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . A .
Led by Andrew Mitchell and with the postcode area ' B ' , Birmingham is the hometown of architect John Madin , whom designed 102 Colmore Row .
Curitiba is part of the state of Parana in South Region , Brazil . It is led by the Democratic Labour Party ( Brazil ) and served by Alfonso Pena International Airport .
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 .
Bakso , made from Tapioca , is a dish found all over China , Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries .
Found in , and from , Indonesia is the dish Bakso . The main ingredients of which are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres and its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 . This asteroid has a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 kilometres and an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 days .
Gettysburg is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania which lies to the south of Cumberland County , east of Franklin County and to the northwest of Carroll County , Maryland . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property within the United States .
The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza .
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , Dothan , Alabama in 1981 . He has a background as a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music .
AEK Athens F . C . is in the Superleague of Greece .
The United States include the African Americans among its ethnic groups and is the location of Auburn in Alabama .
The established religion of England , where the capital is London , is The Church of England . Located within the country is Dead Man ' s Plack which is dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the British Arabs .
Born in Montevideo , Alfredo Zitarrosa , died in Uruguay , the leader of which , is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez .
The 320 South Boston Building has a height of 121 . 92 metres and has 22 floors .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom which has the capital city of London . It is made by Aston Martin and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
Italian speaking Italy is home to the A . S . Gubbio 1910 grounds . The Italians ' leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Ab Klink is a national of the Netherlands , the leader of which is Mark Rutte and where the currency is , the Euro .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which belongs to the category of historic districts in the United States , was established on 11 July 1907 within the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County Maryland . The nearest city to the battlefield is Frederick .
Bionico , a dessert found in Mexico , is made from sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk , granola , raisins , and shredded coconut . Bionico comes from the Jalisco region .
The Aston Martin V8 which is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 was assembled in the U . K and has an engine volume of 5 . 3 litres .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron , a Labour Party member , was President . Teisaire was succeeded by Isaac Rojas and worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy and has the ingredients guanciale , tomatoes , cheese and olive oil .
The capital of Texas in the United States is Austin and the state is the location of Arlington , part of Tarrant County . The county contains the largest city in Texas which is Fort Worth .
Bacon Explosion originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area . The main ingredients of the dish are bacon and sausage .
The Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the ISSN number " 0025 - 5858 " and the LCCN number of 32024459 . It is abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg .
Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which was launched at ELA - 3 . The Ariane 5 had its maiden flight on June 4 , 1996 and its final flight on the 18th of December 2009 .
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the Rock band NRBQ . Rock music has its stylistic origins in the Blues and Bhangra comes from Rock music .
The municipal official titled the Clerk leads Atlantic City , New Jersey which has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . It also has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the Kashubian language is spoken . He was involved in battles during the Polish Soviet War which was commanded by Leon Trotsky .
The United Kingdom are famous for their love of a Bacon Sandwich and the main ingredient is bread .
Bart De Wever is mayor of Antwerp , home of the Antwerp International Airport .
Alex Day , who was born in Hornchurch , became active in music in 2006 using the Synthpop genre and with Charlie McDonnell plays with the band Chameleon Circuit .
Albany is part of Oregon , in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC , and where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is ISSN number 1588 - 2632 .
Saint Anne is the capital of Alderney .
The Alpena County Regional Airport is 2744 meters long .
Abilene , Texas is located in the United States .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine , a 3 - speed automatic transmission , and a hardtop .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the United States where English is one of the spoken languages .
Albany , Georgia , is in the United States where English is spoken and an ethnic group is Native Americans .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the Bacon Explosion originates .
Assembled in Italy is the Alfa Romeo 165 car that contains a straight - four engine . It is similar to the Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 vehicles .
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and served in the Democratic Party in the U . S . He worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) and was succeeded by Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada , where French is one of the spoken languages . Canada ' s , leader is Elizabeth II and national anthem is , O Canada .
The American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , and attended the UT Austin , gaining a BS in 1955 . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space as a crew member of Apollo 12 .
The Eisner award winning Jan Duursema created the comic book character Arion .
AMC Matador is assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Serbia in 1972 . She is a solo singer whose genre is rhythm and blues .
Anaheim , California is part of Orange County , California .
Atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
Andra ( singer ) was born in 1986 .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union , and is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . The population density of Anderson , Indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and the area is 107 . 43 square kilometres .
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan . The state is also the location of Ann Arbor , Washtenaw County .
The Antares Rocket was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad O .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abreviated Acta Palaeontol Pol . It is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences . The ISSN number for the works is 0567 - 7920 and its LCCN number is 60040714 .
Aleksandr Chumakov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team . and plays for FC Torpedo Moscow . The club Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow which played the 2014 – 15 season in the Russian Premier League .
Aaron Bertram is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation .
The creator of Airman ( comics character ) is George Kapitan .
The full name of A . D . Isidro Metapan which has 10000 members , is Isidro Metapan and their ground is in Metapan .
Attica is part of Indiana .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . The school is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its exact address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
New Douglas Park is the ground for Hamilton Academical F . C .
Lemper is a variation of Arem arem , which if found nationwide in Indonesia but is more specific to Java . Its main ingredients are compressed rice , which is cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927 . Elliot graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 where she flew as a test pilot . Elliot died in St . Louis .
AWH Engineering College is in Kuttikkattoor , India in the state of Kerala . The school has 250 employees and Kerala is ruled by Kochi . The Ganges River is also found in India .
The Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of the Audi as is Ducati and Aidi e - tron . Audi A1 is made by Audi which was founded by August Horch .
The Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Reserch centre discovered the asteroid , ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days . With an epoch on 13th of January 2016 , ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , has a perisapsis of 41498400000 . 0 Gm .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker , who used to play for Bury FC and has represented the club KV Mechelen .
Elliot See was born in Dallas in the United States and died in St Louis .
Buzz Aldrin is also called Edwin E . Aldrin Jr .
Adirondack Regional Airport ; is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1219 . 0 . Located in Harrietstown , New York , it serves both the city of Saranac Lake and city of Lake Placid , New York .
Switzerland ' s national anthem is the Swiss Psalm and the country is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann with a legislature known as the Federal Assembly of Switzerland . The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality to Meride .
The current team of Akeem Ayers is the Los Angeles Rams .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school ' s president is B . M . Reddy , its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and its has 700 post graduate students .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane which is located in Italy . He played for Vicenza Calcio , A . C . Chievo Verona . An Italian leader is Pietro Grasso .
Alex Plante was born on 09 / 05 / 1989 .
Aaron Deer played the Keyboard instrument .
William Anders of British Hong Kong was a test pilot who joined NASA in 1963 to help crew Apollo 8 . He was born on October 17th , 1933 and retired from service on September 1st , 1969 .
Andrew White is a non vocal instrumentalist .
Atlantic City , new Jersey , is in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC . The largest city in New Jersey is Newark and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Above the Veil by Garth Nix was produced in Print and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . He represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and ended his career on 3rd March 1857 .
ACF Fiorentina ( full name : ACF Fiorentina S . p . A . ) competed in the 2014 season and their ground holds 47290 fans .
The Aarhus Airport , with a runway length of 2702 , is operated by Aktieselskab .
Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Taylor County , Texas in the United States and has a runway length of 2195 . 0 .
1001 Gaussia has an absolute magnitude of 9 . 7 .
Frenchman , Rene Goscinny created Asterix , the comic character who is sometimes called " Astérix " .
Kashubians are an ethnic group of Poland .
Akeem Ayers , who made his debut for the Tennessee Titan , used to play for the Los Angeles Rams which play in Los Angeles .
Aaron Turner plays Post metal in the Twilight band and associated with the Greymachine group .
Almonds are in the division of flowering plants and part of the Rosaceae family . They are an ingredient in Ajoblanco .
Frank de Boer once played for Al - Shamal Sports Club and the Netherlands national football team . He is now attached to FC Barcelona while managing AFC Ajax .
People who reside in the United States are called Americans and these include the ethnic group of Asian Americans . The US is where Angola , Indiana is located .
Anaheim , California is part of Orange County , California in the United States . Its total area is 131 . 6 square kilometres and is led by the California State Assembly .
Alex Plante , whose club is Anyang Halla , is 1 . 9304m tall and was born in Manitoba .
Anderson is part of Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana whose population density is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and an area of 107 . 43 square kilometres in the United States .
John van den Brom was manager of AZ Alkmaar and now plays for AFC and Jong Ajax .
Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs ( abbreviated to AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud , who resides in Kuching .
Alfredo Zitarrosa plays Zamba and is signed to Movieplay . He is a solo singer and is associated with Ciro Perez and Hector Numa Moraes .
Aaron S . Daggett ' s place of death was Massachusetts .
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States . African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was founded on July 11 , 1907 and belongs to the Historic districts of the U . S .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region , which is part of Derbyshire . Bakewell tart is it ' s variant , but has Frangipane as an ingredient .
The American Journal of Mathematics , published by the Johns Hopkins University Press , has an ISSN number 1080 - 6377 . Johns Hopkins University Press has the parent company Johns Hopkins University and is based in the United States .
Albany is part of Oregon .
Dead Man ' s Plack ( made of rock ) is found in England whose capital city is London . The main religion of this country is the Church of England and in the Cornwall region a language called Cornish is sometimes spoken .
A member of the Monocotyledon class , as well as being in the division of flowering plants and belonging to the Poales order , Poaceae is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour red .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader , known as the president is Barack Obama . Americans inhabit the US and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Afonso Pena International Airport , located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , is 911 metres above sea level . Its runway is named is 15 / 33 and is 2215 . 0 long .
Abilene is a part of Texas , where Austin is the capital and English is spoken . Texas is located in the United States , where New York City is the biggest city .
Alan Frew is a Rock musician from Canada , where French is spoken . Rock music has origins in folk music , and A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD ( discovered by Spacewatch ) ; has an orbital period of 39447000 , a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an apoapsis of , 259776702 . 47055 kilometers .
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 8 . 0 .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain .
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music which originated from funk music . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has a sub genre called Gangsta rap .
The distributor of the film Big Hero 6 , which stars Jamie Chung , is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . The character Baymax appears in this film .
The footballer Abner has represented the Brazil national under 20 team .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and lived in Doesburg . He attended the Radboud University Nijmegen and was a member of the House of Representatives .
The Atlas II launch site was the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 which is operated by the U . S . Air Force .
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club , played for Berliner AK 07 and manages FC Magdeburg .
Anderson is in Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana , in the United States . The country has an area of 107 . 43 square kilometres , and a population density of 523 . 9 people per square kilometer .
Karnataka state which is positioned with the Arabian Sea to it ' s west is also home to the Acharya Institute of Technology , which is located in the city of Bangalore and was founded by Kempe Gowda . The institute has recently been given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai . The Acharya Institute of Technology also has connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Jones County , Texas is located in the United States .
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body and Austin Fernando is the leader .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US where the people are called Americans and where an ethnic group of Native Americans exist .
Alan Shepard went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 .
Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena and plays for A . S . D . Licata 1931 .
The Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is led by Taro Aso . The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Addiction Journal , abbreviated to Addiction , is published by Wiley - Blackwell , on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction . It has an ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 and an LCCN number of 93645978 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for FC Tom Tomsk and FC Terek Grozny . Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny , whose ground is located in Grozny .
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 2744 . 0 .
Led by Richard J . Berry , Albuquerque , is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico , in the United States . The country where the leader is the president , and where English is spoken .
Chicago is led by Rahm Emanuel and is part of Illinois in the United States . One of its monuments is the 300 North LaSelle , a building which has 60 floors .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County , but most of it lies in DeKalb County , both of Georgia , United States . The capital of DeKalb County is Dunwoody .
2009 FD has a mean temperature of 258 Kelvins and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometers .
Bionico and cookies are both dishes served for dessert .
Alison O ' Donnell record label is Kissing Spell Records .
Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which is the musical genre of Albennie Jones .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred in Bananaman .
Beef kway teow comes from Singaporae region where the English language is spoken .
Adam Koc , is of Polish nationality , the language spoken in Poland is the Kashubian language . Adam Koc , was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War . Leon Trotsky was the commender in the Polish - Soviet War .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner are the designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league .
In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology established in the state of Karnataka , India in the year 2000 . The Institute , whose motto is " Nurturing Excellence " is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum .
Cuttlefish is an ingredient of Arros negre which is a traditional dish from Spain .
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir , Turkey , where Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader , was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 and was designed by Pietro Canonica .
In the San Francisco Bay area is Antioch , which is a part of Contra Costa County California and has an area of 75 . 324 Sq . Km . Vietnamese is a language spoken in California .
Alan Shepard is a United States citizen who was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923 . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . He died in California on 21 July 1998 .
Lemper is a variation of the dish Arem - arem which is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Adam Koc , who fought in WWI was awarded the Cross of Valour ( Poland ) .
Elizabeth II is a leader in the English speaking United Kingdom , where British people live . The AIDS Journal , published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins , is from the United Kingdom .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country of Ethiopia which is led by Hailemariam Desalegn .
Alexandria is located in Indiana .
Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 490 . 0 sq km .
Alison O ' Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and The Owl Service .
AZ Alkmaar play their home games at the AFAS Stadion .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 and played for the Tennessee Titans at first and then the L . A . Rams .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and she plays the autoharp . Funk is derived from jazz and Afrobeat music is a fusion of jazz music . Jazz styles come from blues music .
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6kg and has an epoch date of 31 . 12 . 2006 .
The Abarth foundation was founded in Italy .
A . D . Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league and are located at Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez .
The country of Ayam penyet is Java , where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
James Craig Watson was a canadian national who discovered the 101 Helena which has a orbital period of 1516 . 670000000003 days . He studied at the university of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Ground beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia .
Jens Härtel , manager of FC Magdeburg , is also part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell , who began performing in 1963 , was signed to Stanyan records and was a member of the bands Flibbertigibbet and Plastik Mak .
Ahmet Eregum , originally from Washington , D . C . ( United States ) , plays rock and roll music .
The Igorot and Ilocano people are both ethnic groups in the Phillipines . Batchoy is eaten there . In addition Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the country .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polinica , abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark and has the title of Monarchy of Denmark . The country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm or cold . It comes from the Derbyshire Dales region and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is a keyboardist . Indie rock includes guitar and has its origins in new wave and garage rock .
The leader ' s name of Alderney is Elizabeth II .
Texas , where Spanish is widely spoken , has a capital of Austin . One major Texas airport is Andrews County Airport . A slang term for Texans is Tejano .
The third runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a surface type known as Poaceae which is of the Poales order .
Knightsbridge born Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France . His political career began on 30th June 1953 and ended on 30th March 1979 .
Walter Baade , who attended the University of Gottingen discovered 1036 Ganymed . He died in West Germany , .
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " , it has title of ' President ' , played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members .
Bakso , a dish made in China , is also found in Indonesia . The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and its leader is Joko Widodo .
The AMC Matador model was manufactured during 1971 and is assembled in Port Melbourne , Victoria .
Faversham born Adam Holloway , who studied at Magdalene College Cambridge , served in the army in the Grenadier Guards .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell is with Stanyan Records and formerly with London bases , Deram Records .
Taro and sweet potato ( part of the Solanales order of plants ) are ingredients in Binignit .
3Arena , owned by Live Nation Entertainment , is in Dublin which is part of the Republic of Ireland . The leader of government is the European Parliament and Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin .
Baked Alaska is from France , the United States or China .
Washington D . C . where Ahmet Ertegun , whose music genre is Rhythm and Blues , originates from . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues , which in turn , originated from the blues .
Above the Veil is 248 pages long .
Admisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka . Sri Lanka ' s leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , people there speak Tamil language .
Alan Shepard was born on the 18th November 1923 in the United States .
1st Baron , John Reith was the founder of BBC whose location is the Broadcasting House in London , and Bananaman was shown on the channel .
110 Lydia has a rotational period of 39332 . 9 .
Greece leader name is Alexis Tsipras .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam , attended Erasmus University Rotterdam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Jefferson Davis was a commander during the American Civil War . The conflict included the Battle of Chancellorsville in which Alfred Moore Scales , who started his career on 4 March 1857 , took part .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette II . He was influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It is comparable to the Delta II from the United States which launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
The 320 South Boston Building was formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building and was completed in 1929 . The building has a height of 121 . 92 metres and has 22 floors .
Ab Klink , who worked at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands , graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland . The people of the country are known as Finns and are led by Sauli Niinisto .
66391 199 KW4 has an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 km and a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre .
The AIDAluna , powered by Caterpillar , is 252 m long and has a 32 . 2 ship beam . On April 4 , 2009 it was christened and on March 22 , 2009 it made its first voyage .
Above the Veil was written in English and was published in the country of Australia . It was preceded by the novel Aenir .
Alessio Romagnoli , is connected to UC Sampdoria and his current club is A . C . Milan . Silvio Berlusconi is the chiarman of A . C . Milan which has Siniša Mihajlović as the manager .
Cookie is a type of dessert , as too is Binignit which comes from the Philippines . Philippine English is the language of the Philippines .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines , whose ethnic groups include the Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipino , and where Arabic and Philippine Spanish are among the languages spoken .
Amsterdam - Centrum and Amsterdam - Noord are part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) can be found .
Abilene is located in Jones County , Texas , United States .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom where it is often served with brown sauce . Variations include the BLT and club sandwich .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan ( United States ) . It has a runway length of 2744 meters and an elevation of 210 metres above sea level .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press .
Alpharetta is in Fulton County , where the largest city is Atlanta , in Georgia , US , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Andrew Rayel plays Trance music and is associated with Mark Sima and Christian Burns .
N . R . Pogson discovered 107 Camilla , which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
The Abilene Regional Airport ' s 3rd runway length is ft is 7202 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , available in print , has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
One of Denmark ' s leaders is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Arlington , Tarrant County , is in Texas . The largest city also in Tarrant County , Texas , is Fort Worth .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , the country that has Cyril Ramaphosa as one of its leaders .
AEK Athens F . C . were past champions in the Greece Superleague and are currently in the Superleague of Greece . It has 69618 members and its homeground is the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
Alcatraz versus the Evil Librarians written by Brandon Sanderson is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
London is the place of death for Alfred Garth Jones and led by Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Agnes Kant , who was born in Hessisch Oldendorf , attended the Radboud University Nijmegen .
The Library of Congress Classification of A Severed Wasp is PS3523 . E55 S4 1982 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with a number of musical artists , these include : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Rubin Kazan .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala and also for FC Terek Grozny who are located in Grozny and managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
2014 saw 1 . FC Koln participating , and they have 50000 members .
Caterpillar Inc , from California , United States is currently located in Peoria , Illinois . It provides the engines for the AIDAluna .
Aaron Turner , formerly of Twilight , plays with the Lotus Eaters band .
Auburn , Washington has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq kms .
Binignit comes from the Philippines . The main ingredient is coconut milk and it also contains sago .
Manufacturer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is Abarth , founded by Carlo Abarth .
The leader of India is called T S Thakur .
AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where the capital city is London .
Al Anderson plays in a rock band called NRBQ , rock music originated from country music where the banjo is played . Bhangra is fusion music which partly came from Rock music .
James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera that has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . He died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 .
15788 1993 SB was discovered by Iwan P Williams . Its orbital period is 7729430000 , periapsis is 3997100000000 , apoapsis is 7715100000 km , and its epoch is on the 6th of March , 2006 .
Abner was born on 30 May 1996 , belongs to the club CD FAS and plays for Coritiba Football club .
1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 2013 - 11 - 04 and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asuncion . Spanish is the official language of Paraguay and Juan Afara is tghe leader . Mestizo people are an ethnic group of Paraguay .
Attica is part of Fountain County , Indiana . The state ' s capital is Indianapolis and it is located in the United States .
Barack Obama is leader of the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The US is home to Akron , which is part of Summit County in Ohio .
Atlantic City International Airport runway name is 4 / 22 .
Born in Hessisch Oldendorf , Agnes Kant was a Member of the House of Representatives and her Alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen .
Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit .
Founded in Washington . D . C . Marriot Hotels is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen Denmark . Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen , where Faroese is spoken .
Akeem Priestley plays for Orange County Blues FC ( managed by Oliver Wyss ) and is in the Jackson Dolphins club . The Jacksonville Dolphins play in Jacksonville , Florida .
Khalid Mahmood ( British politician ) is one of the leaders of Birmingham .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica with code AMAHE9 is abbreviated with Acta Math . Hungar .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair , which is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain .
The printed book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 448 pages .
Michele Marcolini once managed AC Lumezzane . He played for Atalanta BC .
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the French language is spoken . Antwerp , which is a popular tourist destination in the country , is served by Antwerp International airport .
Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina on May 20th 1891 , served as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy . Isaac Rojas was his successor .
Athens is served by Athens International airport located in Spata . The airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Elizabeth II is the leader of Jamaica .
The Alhambra , built by the Samuda Brothers , was launched on the 31st May 1855 . It has an 8 . 3m ship beam and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long ; its top speed is 18 . 52 .
English is spoken in the United States , where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and where Akron , Ohio is located .
Th Secret Scriptures is published by Faber and Faber in Ireland and is a sequel to A Long Long Way . Ireland ' s largest ethnic demographic is white / caucasian .
Attica is part of Indiana in the United States and is located 166 . 0 above sea level . It has an area of 4 . 14 sq km with a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
The ALV X - 1 rocket has 2 stages .
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the company that built the American submarine NR - 1 .
The former name of 1089 Tama is " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " and it has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 . It ' s orbital period lasts 1202 . 846 days , it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec and the apoapsis measures 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The United States is home to the dish Bacon Explosion . John Roberts is a leader of the United States , where Washington DC is the capital , English is the language used and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States whose capital city is Washington D . C . The language of the United States , as well as of Great Britain , is English .
German national Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed . He was born in the German Empire and studied at the University of Gottingen .
Ethnic groups in the Philippines include the Igorot people and the Ilocano people . Languages used in the country are Philippine Spanish and Arabic and one of the traditional dishes that can be found there is batchoy .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz for the Deram Record label . The label , Floating World Records , signed Alison O ' Donnell .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas .
Akeem Ayers former team is the Los Angeles Rams who are based at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in LA .
The ISSN number for Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated as Admin . Sci . Q ) is 0001 - 8392 .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who plays for Bury FC and has represented the club KV Mechelen .
Elliot See was originally from Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . He worked as a test pilot and died in St . Louis on the 28th February 1966 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Dynamo Moscow . He was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow , .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( which is its full name ) , competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . Their ground has a capacity of 17000 and the title of the chairman of the club is President .
The municipal official titled the Clerk leads Atlantic City , New Jersey , whose total area is 44 . 125 square kilometres and its population density is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
The Ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir , Turkey . The capital of Turkey is Ankara .
Buzz Aldrin , a US national , was a crew member on Apollo 11 operated by NASA .
The Agra airport is located in India and operated by the Airports Authority of India . AGR is the ATA Location ID and ICAO is another location identifier for this airport .
Manufactured by Dodge , the 1955 Dodge is related to the Desoto Custom which is related to the Chrysler Newport .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid .
Frank de Boer manages the AFC Ajax team , played for Al - Shamal Sports Club , and the Netherlands national football team , is attached to the club FC Barcelona .
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is ACF Fiorentina S . p . A .
Verona , Italy is the home to A . C . Chievo Verona which has the full name of Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . . They have 39371 members and played in the 2014 season .
The Adirondack Regional Airport location identifier is SLK .
Anderson Indiana has an elevation of 268 . 0 above sea level .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka , India and it was established in 2000 .
English is the language in the United States .
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group . Ayam penyet is also found in Java and it contains fried chicken .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F . C . in Palo Seco . He now plays with the Ferencvarosi TC , managed by Thomas Doll .
Akeem Priestley plays for Jackson Dolphins Club and for Sheikh Russel KC .
Bill Everett is the creator of the comic character , Amazing - Man who has the alternative name , John Aman .
Pennsylvania ' s Franklin County is found to the west of Adams County and Frederick County Maryland is southwest of Adams Count Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Bionico is a dessert , as is ice cream . It comes from Mexico and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and attended NWC , graduating with an MA in 1957 . The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal which , in the Navy , is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . He died on the 21st of July 1998 in California .
Alessio Romagnoli , who had played for the Italian national under - 19 football team , is currently an A . C Milan player and he is also connected to UC Sampdoria . Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A . C . Milan and the team is managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Buzz Aldrin was both a fighter pilot and a flight member of Apollo 11 who was born on January 20th , 1930 .
The United States include the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Amarillo , Texas .
Angola is a city in Indiana , which is in the United States . A country with multiple ethnic groups such as Native Americans .
Alison O ' Donnell genre is Psychedelic folk and she plays the bodhrán .
White people are an ethnic group within Ireland .
Andrew Rayel is a trance musician with a career start at 2009 and he was born in Chisinau , Moldova . He is associated with Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine .
The American sub NE - 1 has a beam of 3 . 8m and was launched January 25th 1969 .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan in 1986 .
Atlas 11 originated from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC and uses the English language . The country is led by the President and includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups .
The United States National Elliot See was born on the 23rd of July , 1927 in Dallas . He passed away in St . Louis .
The Honda J . engine is made by Honda .
A main ingredient of fried chicken is chicken .
Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " Addiction " and the CODEN code " ADICE5 " .
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian crisis which is the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes .
Honda makes the Acura TLX which has a 2 . 4 litre engine .
The rocker Antares was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport . It is comparable to Delta II which came from the United States .
Akeem Adam ' s club is Ferencvarosi TC and he also played for United Petrotrin FC whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome .
William Anders was a fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963 having been born in British Hong Kong .
Auron ( Lambien ) is a comic character that was created by both Marv Wolfman and American national Karl Kesel .
Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau created the character of Baymax who appeared in Big Hero 6 .
Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe , who was president when Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office . Succeeded by Al - Amin Daggash , Abdulsalami Abubakar , was a member of the Nigerian Air Force . Aermacchi MB - 339 is a trainer Aircraft used by the Nigerian Air - Force .
By the way , the leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica is made of bronze and located in Izmir , Turkey .
The Antares rocket , comparable to the Delta II from the United States , was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England and graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge . He began his career on 5 May 2005 and was involved in the Gulf War battles .
The United States Air Force was fighting in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 and also operates the Al Asad Airbase .
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is run by the operation organisation the Schiphol Group .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny , managed by Rashid Rakhimov . He belongs to FC Spartak Moscow , with its grounds at Otkrytiye Arena , and plays for Otkrytiye Arena .
Spanish speaking Uruguay is led by Tabaré Vázquez . The final resting place of Alfredo Zitarros is Daniel Martinez led , Montevideo , Uruguay .
A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader has the title of President and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , was on the crew of Apollo 12 but has since retired .
The A - Rosa Luna ship was ordered on January 22 , 2004 .
The birth place of Abraham A Ribicoff is the United States .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade whose alma mater was the University of Gottingen . He was born in Preubisch Oldendorf and died in Göttingen .
1099 Figneria has a mass of 2 . 7 kilograms , an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 and its epoch date was on December 31st 2006 . Its apoapsis is 605718000 . 0 kilometres and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 km per second .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor . Batagor ( found in Indonesia ) , Shumai , and Siomay , are variations of the same dish .
Hearst Castle was a significant project for Julia Morgan .
Located in the United States , Viking Press published A Long Long Way , the novel which was followed by The Secret Scripture .
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . " 1928 SJ " is the former name of 1101 Clematis .
Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 and serves the city of Abilene , Jones County , Texas , United States .
The 3Arena at North Wall Quay was designed by architects HOK SVE . It was completed in December 2008 and has a height of 28 metres . The Arena hosts concerts and events .
Alpharetta , is part of Fulton County , Georgia in the United States and Atlanta is the largest city of the county . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Alan Bean ' s birth name was Alan LaVern Bean .
The mass of 110 Lydia is 6 . 7 kg and has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 . Alphonse Borrelly discovered 110 Lydia , which has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and its epoch date was on December 31st 2006 .
Anaheim , California has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , an area code of 657 and a UTC offset of - 8 .
Andra is a singer and her music genre is Dance - pop .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and English the country ' s spoken language . The food is available nationwide in Indonesia as well .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s record label is Fruits de Mer Records .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York , which is part of Erie County New York .
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul , Turkey and his genre is rhythm and blues . Disco derives from rhythm and blues .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is neighboured by Meride in Switzerland . The country is led by Johann Schneider - Ammann and the Federal Assembly .
Allen Forrest is a solo singer , was born in Fort Campbell , KY and raised in Dothan , AL and plays rhythm and blues .
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Phillippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in Atlantic County , New Jersey U . S . where New York is the largest City .
Pietro Grasso is the leader in Italy .
Synthpop musician Alex Day was born in the U . K . , the capital of which is London . Synthpop is a derivative of house music and disco .
' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' was preceded by ' 1634 : The Baltic War ' which was written by David Weber .
Adolf Scharf was born in Austria - Hungary .
Building started on the Addis Ababa City Hall in 1961 .
200 Public Square which was completed in 1985 has 45 floors with a total area of 111484 square metres , is located in Cleveland .
1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 , and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 . The epoch of 1097 Vicia is on 13 January 2016 , and it has an apoapsis of , 511592000 . 0 km .
Turkmenistan airlines operate Ashgabat International Airport which is located at 211 metres above sea level in Ashgabat . The runway , which is named 12L / 30R has a length of 900 . 0 .
Fountain County is in Indiana in the U . S .
103 Hera , was discovered by James Craig Watson , who studied at the University of Michigan , and died from peritonitis .
Wolf Solent is a notable work of author John Cowper Powys who also wrote A Glastonbury Romance .
The comic character , Auron , was created by Walt Simonson .
The ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) has the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 , LCCN number 89646863 and CODEN code ATISET .
Andrews County Airport ' s runway length is 1773 . 0 .
Spanish is spoken in Texas .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann and their national anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office while Atiku Abubaker was Vice President .
Austin is a part of Hays County in Texas .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The dish comes from Indonesia and has a variation known as lemper .
Cornell University ( of New York ) is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is also affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft for the Indian Air Force who operates Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh in Awadh .
1097 Vicia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 kms .
Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda I . Located in the city is the Acharya Institute of Technology , an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University . The institute offers tennis , as governed by the International Tennis Federation , as a sport .
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač is part of the Kovac sister duo , K2 . Disco is a fusion of Pop and other genres .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , U . S . and is part of Dimmit County , Texas .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member for Apollo 11 and is now retired .
107 Camilla was discovered by M Gaffey .
Alan B Miller Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 in Virginia , United States . The current tenants are the Mason School of Business .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England , where Boris Johnson is a leader . He died in London .
The hub airport for Turkmenistan airlines is Ashgabat International airport .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the speaker of the Pakistan National Assembly .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone which was founded by Giovanni Bertone . The Abarth foundation was founded in Italy and they manufacture the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in Austria Hungary and died Graz , Styria .
Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp , Belgium where German is an official language .
The 1955 Dodge , which is also known as the Dodge Coronet , has a V8 engine , a 3 - speed automatic transmission and a hardtop .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and performs rock music .
Attica is part of Fountain County in the state of Indiana . The state is located in the United States and has the capital of Indianapolis .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a total are of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , who is attached to the club CD Aguila . He is also member of the club FC Dallas , and plays for the El Salvador national football team .
Anaheim , California has an UTC offset of - 7 .
The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul and the capital is Ankara .
The Ampara Hospital is situated in Ampara district , the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka were Austin Fernando is the leader .
The builder of the ALCO RS - 3 is the American Locomotive Company which was founded in the United States .
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding ( which can be served warm or cold ) are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , designed by Robert A M Stern .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States .
Attica is found in Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana , United States . Indiana ' s capital is Indianapolis .
Alcatraz versus the Evil LIbrarians and its sequel Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones were written by Brnadon Sanderson from Lincoln , Nebraska .
The AMC Matador , available in a 1974 model , is made in Thames , New Zealand . That car is similar to the Amc Ambassador .
AEK Athens F . C . have there home ground at the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) which is located in Athens . They currently play in the Superleague of Greece whose current champions are Olympiacos F . C . .
Indians is the name given to people from India and the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala . Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Anders Osborne , a rock musician , is signed to the record label Alligator Records which is in Chicago . He also is signed to Rabadash Records . Bhangra is a fusion genre from rock music .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans . The leader of the US is the President and the capital city is Washington DC .
The epoch of 1097 Vicia ( former name " 1928 PC " ) is on 13 January 2016 .
The Mayor leads Antioch , California .
Austin , Texas is located in the United States where Native Americans are among the country ' s ethnic groups .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove , California .
The Battle of Salem Church was part of the American Civil War conflict .
The Audi A1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and is assembled in Brussels , Belgium .
The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza and 300 North LaSalle is also located in that city .
Anderson , Indiana , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana which is in the U . S .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , in Iraq , where Kurdish languages are spoken and Fuad Masum is the leader .
Amarillo is part of Randall County , Texas , United States .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and was once a member of The Wildweeds .
N . R . Pogson ( born in Nottingham ) discovered 107 Camilla on 1 March 2001 .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by the American Locomotive Company has a V12 engine and is 17068 . 8 mm long . Production time is 1418 .
Edwin E Aldrin Jr ( more usually known as Buzz ) , has retired . He was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 1930 . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a ScD and became a fighter pilot before becoming a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Antwerp is in Belgium .
Atlantic City , New York City , Trenton , New Jersey can all be found in the United States .
Aleksandr Chumakov ' s club is the Soviet Union national football team . He has also played for FC Torpedo Moscow who participated in the 2014 - 15 Russian Premier league season and have Aleksandr Tukmanov as chairman .
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from Rome in Italy . Oregano is one of the ingredients that can be used in a variation of Arrabbiata sauce and other ingredients are chili pepper , tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
Former Kissing Spell Records and Deram Records artist Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician . London is the home of Deram Records and funk has its origins in jazz .
The height of Alex Tyus is 2 . 032 .
Montevideo is in the country of Uruguay and the birth place o fAlfredo Zitarrosa . Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is Uruguay ' s leader .
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which is made in China .
Mexican Spanish is spoken in Mexico .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London . London is governed by the Parliament of the U . K and the Greater London Authority .
Ann Arbor in Michigan has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres .
Raisins can be found in Bionico which is a food found in Mexico .
Alfred Worden was the backup pilot of Apollo 12 .
101 Helena has a density of 2 . 0 gm per cu cm , an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kms .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States whose capital is Washington , D . C . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in that country .
B M Reddy is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , Karnataka , India . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine and one of the ingredients is pork belly .
Buzz Aldrin was awarded with Legion of Merit ribbon .
" A Wizard of Mars " by Diane Duane has ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London in a place called Sidcup . The European Parliament governs the city and its leader is Boris Johnson .
Alhambra is owned by the P & O company and is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine . Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes is located in London .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita ; Akita Prefecture , Japan .
Ahmed Kadhim Assad plays for Al Shorta SC .
Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups in the Philippines .
The U . S . House of Representatives ( part of the U . S . Congress ) leads the English speaking United States . Albuquerque , New Mexico is also led by Richard J Berry ( House of Rep . ) , within the U . S .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 103 Hera , is a Canadian national who graduated from the University of Michigan .
The Netherlands is led by Mark Rutte . Agnes Kant is Dutch and was a Member of the House of Representatives .
The Euro is the currency in Greece .
The total area of Albany , Georgia is 144 . 7 square kilometres .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey situated in the Essex County , he was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan , Alabama in 1981 . He was originally a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music .
Harvard University is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who edited AIP Advances .
Italian speaking Rome , Italy , offers Arrabbiata sauce . Italy is home to leader Pietro Grasso .
Albany is part of Dougherty County , Georgia ; United States , home to Asian - Americns and English speaking .
Alan Frew , a solo singer , was born in Coatbridge .
Aaron Boogaard was born 11 / 08 / 1986 .
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it was formerly called " 1923 NZ1951 OB " . It has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
The Atlantic City International Airport , operated by the port authority of NY and NJ , has a runway length of 3048 . 0 . and a name of 13 / 31 .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey , a country with Istanbul as its largest city , and Ahmet Davutoğlu as its leader , the President of Turkey .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba and plays for Anyan Halla .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is in the United States , and its leader is the United States House of Representatives . The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States congress . The president was Barack Obama , and the language spoken is English .
The Acura TLX has a front - wheel drive .
Abner W . Sibal , a Rupublican , was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeded by Donald J . Irwin .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which follows The Grantville Gazettes .
Adam Holloway , a member of the Conservative Party , was born in Faversham , United Kingdom .
108 St Georges Terrace has a floor area of 39599 . 0 square metres and is located in Perth , Australia .
The Battle of Cold Harbor , where Aaron S Daggett took part , took place during the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a leader .
103 Colmore Row at Colmore Row was completed in 1976 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut and worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare where he was succeeded by John N Dempsey .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando and the governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago ( Cook County , Illinois ) , where 300 North LaSalle is located .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups found in the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . Also found in the U . S is the city of Albany which is part of Benton County , Oregon .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who play in Atlanta . He previously played for the Houston Texans who are owned by Bob McNair and are based in the city of Houston .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland . The national anthem of this country is the Swiss Psalm . Switzerland ' s leader ( the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland ) is called Johann Schneider - Ammann and the country is legislated over by the Federal Assembly ( Switzerland ) .
The fullname of A . C . Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA , they have 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro league .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarian was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . The book originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
Ahmet Ertegun died in the U . S , where African Americans are an ethnic group . His music genre is Rhythm and Blues , of which Disco is a derivative .
Auburn is located in Pierce County , Washington in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC .
Alfred N Phillips , who was born in Darien , Connecticut , worked at the United States House of Representatives for the Democratic Party and was succeded by Albert E . Austin .
Although William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17 , 1933 he is an American citizen . He graduated , with an M . S . , from AFIT in 1962and became a test pilot before being a member of Apollo 8 . He has now retired .
Donal O ' Ceallaigh discovered 15788 1993 SB and it has an epoch date of March 6 , 2006 . It ' s periapsis is 3997100000000 . 0 .
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem . He also plays and manages AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Max Huiberts .
The population density of Atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the president and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , the leader of which is Enda Kenny . Irish people inhabit the Republic of Ireland , where they speak English and Irish languages .
410777 2009 FD , which has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs was discovered by Spacewatch and has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 . The orbital period is 39447000 . 0 and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 with a V12 engine .
USA born Abraham A Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare and was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 kilometres per second .
Abel Hernández has played for Central Español .
The AIDAstella , which is 253260 . 0 millimetres long , is a Sphinx - class cruise ship .
Alessio Romagnoli , born in Italy , plays for the Italy national under 19 football team and is connected to UC Sampdoria .
Aston Martin Virage , manufactured by Aston Martin , succeeded Aston Martin V8 , is similar to the Aston Martin DBS .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark , southwest of Mols . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
A Glastonbury Romance has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 and OCLC number 76798317 .
Having worked with Tab Benoit , Anders Osborne is associated with both the band , Galactic and with the Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley Derbyshire and wrote " Wolf Solent " . The book is followed by A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and his wife Agnes Ward White was born is Marietta , Ohio . White was succeeded in office by by William M . O . Dawson who later died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart ( also known as Bakewell pudding ) which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region .
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma ( which is related to the Opel Vectra ) are similar means of transport .
The apoapsis of 103 Hera is 437170000 . 0 kilometres and the periapsis is 371240000 . 0 kms . With an epoch date of 31 July 2016 it has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
The United States House of Representatives ( located at the United States Capitol ) , leads Anaheim , California .
15788 1993 SB was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons and has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 . Its apoapsis is 7715100000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and it has a periapsis of 3997100000000 .
3 Liga league team 1FC Magdeburg has 27250 members .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in São José dos Pinhais and is operated by Infraero . The airport has a runway length of 2215 . 0 and is situated 911 metres above sea level .
Alfons Gorbach ' s birthplace is lmst .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , India . The director of the institute is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s is a member of AS Roma , AC Milan and the Italy national under 19 football team , where he is managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic and chaired by Silvio Berlusconi .
The leader of Kerala is Kochi .
Madeleine L ' Engle is influenced by George MacDonald .
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 and was published in Print & Paperback .
Turkey ' s largest City is Istanbul and the capital is Ankara . The leader ' s name is Ahmet Davutoğlu . The Atatürk Monument of Turkey was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 .
Washington D . C is the capital of the United States and its largest city is New York City . Texas its one of the states in the U . S formed by Abilene in Taylor County . English is the main language in this country .
Almonds are an ingredient of Ajoblanco and is a member of the Rosales order .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who played for FC Spartak Moscow youth team at their Otkrytiye Arena ground , now plays for the FC Amkar Perm .
Alfa Romeo 164 was made in Arese and is related to Lancia Thema .
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the Tudor Revival style . It is located on St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka .
Albany , Oregon is in the United States . Where English is spoken , and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes is located in London .
located in Manhattan , Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 where it has the reference number 80002709 .
Batchoy originated fron the region of La Paz , Iloilo City and also comes from the Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Former Italian national under - 16 football player , Alessio Romagnoli , plays for the club A . C . Milan , which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and is in Serie A league .
Agnes Ward White , born in Marietta , Ohio , was married to Albert B . White . Bloomington , Maryland born William M O Dawson was Albert B . White ' s successor .
The leader of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan . The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku . In Baku is the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' s Memorial located which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . Turk Sehitler Aniti is the native name for the Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The source of legislature in Azerbaijan is the National Assembly .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has an LCCN number of 89646863 an is abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst .
The number of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18 , the airport is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in the state of Karnataka , India , in 2000 .
Albert B White died at Parkersburg , West Virginia , the USA . His successor was William M . O . Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland , and died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis and is associated with the group Greymachine ; his music style is post - metal .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago which is part of Cook County , Illinois in the U . S . The leader is Susana Mendoza .
Aaron Bertram began performing in 1998 and played for the Suburban Legends Band and also for the Kids Imagine Nation .
In New Zealand , the 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport is made of Poaceae , a plant that belongs to the division of flowering plants and is part of the Commelinids order .
Alan Bean who was originally from Wheeler , Texas joined NASA in 1963 and became a member of Apollo 12 before he retired .
Max Huiberts is in the AZ Alkmaar club .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , the headquarters of which are in Ashgabat , in Turkmenistan . The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport .
Anderson , Indiana , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County Indiana which is in the United States . Anderson is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana and their population density is 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre but their total area is 107 . 43 square kilometres .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s is in Metapan , El Salvador and has 10000 members .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and graduated with a BSc . in 1955 . He worked as a test pilot and joined NASA in 1963 . Bean was a crew member on Apollo 12 .
The Liberal Democrats are the leaders of Birmingham .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Leaders in Iraq include Haider Al - Abadi and Fuad Masum and Arabic is spoken in the country .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where there are many Asian Americans and the leader is Barack Obama .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala .
The Battle of Chancellorsville was part of the American Civil War and one of the men who fought in that battle was Alfred Moore Scales .
The AIDstella was christened on 16th of March 2013 , had its maiden voyage on March 17 of that same year and is 253260 . 0 millimetre s long .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located is the city of Bangalore and has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . One of sports offered is Tennis with the International Tennis Federation being the governing body . The Institute was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai .
Alison O ' Donnell , who performs jazz music , has been signed to the record labels Osmosys Records and London based Deram Records .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas in 1932 and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 . He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s genre is Zamba which is considered an art form .
Trance music Andrew Rayel began in 2009 and is associated with artists Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren .
The Alhambra was 63800 . 0 millimetres long and its first trip was on 7 July 1855 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was hired by NASA in 1959 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy . This award is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . Alan Shepard has passed away .
Anderson is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union in Indiana in the U . S .
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II ( from the United States ) and was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
A member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands is Agnes Kant . The leader of that party is Emile Roemer .
1000 Piazzia , which was formerly known as ' 1967 ED ' , has an epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and he has the title President . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum . It was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Caterpillar Inc . , founded in the United States in California , is located in Illinois and includes key person , Douglas R . Oberhelman , It powers the AIDAluna .
Austin , Texas is in United States whose leader is called the president . Asian Americans are one ethnic group in that country .
05L / 23R is the name of the runway at Angola International airport in Icolo e Bengo , Angola .
The LCCN number of AIDS journal is 90640840 .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , NJ , which is part of Atlantic County .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom which is the country that the bacon sandwich comes . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which itself is a variation of a Club Sandwich .
The ISBN number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3800 . 0 .
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop which originated from Disco . Synthpop has its stylistic origin in new wave music and is a musical derivative of house music .
US Army veteran and Stamford Connecticut Mayor Alfred N . Phillip was born in Connecticut . The Spanish - American War involved the United States Army .
The General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton , CT .
107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days .
The Akita Museum is in Akita , Akita ( part of Akita Prefecture ) in Japan . The leader of Japan is Shinzō Abe . Brazilians are one ethnic group there .
Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York .
Adisham Hall in Haputale , Sri Lanka , was finished in 1931 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Al - Merrikh SC .
The 1955 Dodge which has a station wagon style body also has a V8 engine .
Abner W Sibal served in the US Army , which fought in the American Civil War .
Served hot or cold , the dessert Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region . Some main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol , Austria , and died in Graz , Syria .
A . T . Charlie Johnson , a U . S . national , attended Harvard University . His doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham . Johnson edited AlP Advances .
A Tejano is a demonym term used in Texas .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Indonesia and Singapore . One of the languages spoken in Singapore is English and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia , United States .
Ab Klink , who worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands , attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Aaron Boogaard plays for the Wichita Thunder and was born in Regina , Saskatchewan .
Adonis Georgiadis is part of the New Democracy party in Greece whose color is blue .
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party who was led by Daniel Webster in the state of Vermont , which has the biggest city Burlington .
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War Two . He began his career on March 4th , 1979 and ended it five years later on the 30th of the same month .
Alex Tyus ' s club is Maccabi Ashdod BC .
Anaheim is part of Orange County , California and the U . S . House of Representatives leads that city . The U . S . House of Representatives is in the United States Capitol .
American Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 alongside backup pilot Alfred Worden .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the bodhrán and jazz music . Funk is derived from Jazz .
Alvah Sabin , a native of Vermont , was a member of the state ' s 3rd Congressional District from March 4 , 1853 until March 3 , 1857 .
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown on October 12th 1986 . He is 1 . 9558m tall .
The key person for BBC is Rona Fairhead .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is part of the U of Texas system . See was a test pilot . He died on Feb 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , served as a test pilot and is dead .
Alfredo Zitarrosa belongs to the Orfeo record label .
The musical genre of Kaiser Chiefs band member , Andrew White , is alternative rock . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which comes from new wave music .
Anaheim is part of California in the US and is led by the California State Assembly .
AWH Engineering College is in the city of Kuttikkattoor .
Caterpillar Inc , founded in California and located in the U . S . , power the AIDAluna .
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 , it has a top speed of 18 . 52 , a ship beam of 8 . 3m and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long . It was built by the Samuda Brothers .
William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 retired 1969 - 09 - 01 .
Albuquerque is part of New Mexico in the United States .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia Vermont and worked as the secrectary of state for Vermont . He was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
Constructed in 1913 , the Asilomar Conference Grounds are located at Pacific Grove , California .
The comic book character Aurakles was created by Len Wein and the American Dick Dillin .
The length of the 3rd runway at Ashgabat International Airport is 2953 feet .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana in the country of the United States .
Saranac Lake , New York is located in the United States .
Dave Challinor played football for Bury FC .
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue , United States , began in January 2014 . The building has 12 floors , a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) and cost 110 million dollars .
Aaron Turner is an exponent of Doom metal and he plays the electric guitar .
The Saab 9000 , Alfa Romeo 164 and Lancia Thema are related means of transportation . The Alfa Romeo 164 ' s assembly line is in Italy , where Rome is the capital .
Akron , Ohio is part of the U . S . where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Arem - arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine found in Indonesia . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Indonesian is spoken .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Virginia DeMarce which has 448 pages and is available in hardcover can be found by its ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon .
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 . 0 .
Atlanta ( area code : 404 ) has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
Antioch City is in Constra Costa County , California where the English language is spoken .
Dick Dillin created the comic book character called Aurakles , whose alternative name is also Aurakles .
Associated with Kornelije Kovac , Aleksandra Kovac is a pop musician . Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music .
The Newport Pagnell built Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are similar vehicles .
FC Magdeburg played in the Regionalliga in 2014 - 15 season .
Andrew White , once signed with the defunct Universal Records , is now signed with London ' s Polydor records .
The Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a four - stroke engine , a diesel - electric transmission and is 17068 . 8 mms in length .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , established 1907 - 07 - 11 , is a historic district in the United States and owned by the National Park Service .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States ( where Austin , Texas is located ) are the African Americans .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States .
Al Anderson is a singer with the country music band NRBQ .
Akeem Ayers played for the Tennessee Titans ( Nashville ) and the St . Louis Rams ( coached by Steve Spagnuolo ) .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska , which can come from either Paris ( France ) , New York or Hong Kong .
Finished in 1931 , Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President . Juan Peron belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina and was married to , Eva Peron .
The Accademia di Architetturia di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 . Switzerland ' s Federal Chancellor is Johann Schneider - Ammann and its legislature is the Federal Assembly .
John van den Brom plays for R . S . C . Anderlecht .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England , and died in London . The Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader of Manchester .
Condiments are used in the preparation of a bacon sandwich . A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which is a variation of a Club Sandwich .
Atlas II came from the United States , a country where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago and plays for the Ferencvarosi TC club and the Central FC .
Ahmet Ertegun goes by the alternative name A . Nugetre .
Barny Cakes can be chocolate flavoured . It contains 1 . 8 g of protein , 18 grams of carbs and 4 . 8 g of fat .
Bananaman , starring Tim Brooke - Taylor , was first broadcast by STV on the 3rd October 1983 .
The comic character Amazing Man was created by Bill Everett .
New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport has a runway named 07 / 25 and its 3rd runway has a Poaceae surface .
The comic character of Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national , Ernie Colon .
The AZAL PFK competes in The Azerbaijan Premier League where the championship is held by Qarabag FK .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 2 . 5 litre engine .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the language is Greek . Athens is the capital of Greece , and two of the leaders are Prokopis Pavlopoulos , and Nikos Voutsis .
Atlantic City International Airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KACY .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena .
Atlantic City International Airport has the runway name 4 / 22 and is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey ( part of Atlantic County ) , in the United States .
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Angolo , Luanda Province .
Alfredo Zitarrosa started out as a solo singer and belongs to the Orfeo record label . The musical genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Candombe .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the locals are called Greeks .
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova . He started his career in 2009 in the genre of trance music . He is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and with Bobina .
Attica is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana , in the United States , the capital of which , is Washington DC .
' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' , written by Eric Flint , can be found using it ' s ISBN number , 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The country ' s leaders are T . S . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
With an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 days , 101 Helena , has a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 Kilometers . Its epoch is 2006 - 12 - 31 and it has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
Mols is to the northeast of Aarhus .
The BBC aired the TV series of Bananaman between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 1986 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling .
The main ingredients of the Malaysian dish of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
A T Charlie Johnson , AIP Advances editor , graduated from Harvard University assisted by doctoral advisor Michael Tinkham .
Arrabbiata sauce , a dish from Rome , includes garlic as a component .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland which is part of the Cuyahoga County , Ohio in the United States . The leader is Frank G Jackson .
William Anders graduated from AFIT with a M . S . in 1962 and went on to become a part of the Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman . William Anders retired in 1969 .
UK Conservative Party member Adam Holloway was born in Kent , United Kingdom .
Ben Urich was created by Gene Colan , an American .
1089 Tama , which has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 , was formerly known as " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " . It has the escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec , an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
The 1955 Dodge , the DeSoto Custom and the Plymouth Plaa are all cars .
Akron , Ohio has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres .
Big Hero 6 stars Maya Rudolph .
Banana leaf is an ingredient in Arem arem .
Bakso is from the Chinese cuisine and is found in Indonesia where the capital city is Jakarta and Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and it has fried chicken in it .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens . He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Steel Azin F . C .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and he represented Vermont . He was the secretary of state and was succeeded by Homer Royce .
Americans live in the US , where there is an ethnic group called African Americans . The United States is home to Albany , which is part of Dougherty County , Georgia .
English and Bacon Explosion are both found in the US .
Aaron Hunter played for SV Werder Bremen II and currently plays for Goslarer SC 08 while belonging to the youth club SV Weder Bremen .
Wolf Solent is written by John Cowper Powys . It is followed by A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , it includes the ingredient pork .
The Alhambra has a ( London located ) Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type .
The AMC Matador is considered a full - size car .
Born in Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago , Akeem Adams has previously played for Central FC and Ferencvarosi TC .
Agra airport is located inAgra and its location identifier is VIAG . The Indian Air Force operate this airport .
The capital of the United States is Washington DC .
Aaron Hunt previously played for SV Werder Bremen , but currently plays for VfL Wolfsburg who play in the Bundesliga and are managed by Dieter Hecking .
The musician Andrew White is a non - vocal instrumentalist .
AGR is the IATA I . D . of the Agra Airport which is located in Agra .
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and served in the Royal Artillery Unit which has a garrison at Hohne . Gerd Von Rundstedt was a commander in the Battle of France .
Associazione Sportiva Livorno Calcio is the fullname of A . S . Livorno Calcio . They have 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno , Italy .
The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom and Plymouth Plaza are related vehicles . The 1955 Dodge is made by Dodge .
In the United States , the United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California , where English is spoken .
The BBC broadcast Bananaman , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
AS Livorno club plays in Serie B .
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Lancia Thema are related means of transport . The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan , a city whose patron saint is Ambrose .
The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 318875313 . It was written by Diane Duane and published in print .
Andrew Rayel , born in Chisinau , Moldova , started his career in 2009 . He is a Trance genre musician who is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns , musician .
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE publications .
Al Asad air base is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada , fought battles in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers .
Alfons Gorbach ' s birthplace is lmst , in the state of Tyrol .
Attica is part of Fountain County Indiana , U . S , whose capital is Washington , D . C .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut , he died in the U . S . He worked under the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare . John N , Dempsey was preceded by him .
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and performs doom metal music .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerland . It has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta . It was established in 1996 . The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor .
The largest city in India is Mumbai , and one of the country ' s rivers is the Ganges . The country is the location of the AWH Engineering College in the state of Kerala which is led by Kochi and has Mahe , India to the northwest .
FC Alania Vladikavkaz player , Aleksandr Prudnikov , belongs to the club , FC Spartak Moscow , which has its grounds at Otkrytiye Arena .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U . S . where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . The capital of the country is Washington DC and the President is Barack Obama .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States whose capital city is Washington D . C .
Alberto Teisaire was from Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken . He eventually died in Buenos Aires which is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and is led by Diego Santilli .
Alex Plante has played for the club Anyang Halla and was born in Brandon Manitoba .
Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia ( in Spain ) where Ajoblanco is from .
Chicago based Rhythm and blues artist , Anders Osborne , was signed to the Shanachie Records label and is now signed to the record label , Alligator Records .
Adam McQuaid come from Canada whose leader is Elizabeth II and national anthem is O Canada . Asian Canadians are an ethnic group there .
Jakarta , Indonesia is where Bakso originates .
Led by a Mayor , Albany is in Georgia in the United States . The country where Americans live , and where one of the ethnic groups , is Asian Americans .
The United States includes the ethnic group of African Americans and is the location of Attica , Indiana .
Amatricana sauce can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asuncion and died in Paraguay .
The owner of 3Arena in Dublin is Live Nation Entertainment . European Parliament leads Dublin .
The Canadian James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera and died from peritonitis .
The leader of the Albuquerque City Council is Richard J . Berry .
Batak is an ethnic group found in Sumatra .
Mols is a city that sits northeast of Aarhus , Denmark , where the School of Business and Social Sciences is located , at the Aarhus University . It is associated with the European University Association , headquartered in Brussels . The leader of of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the religion , the Church of Denmark .
One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Asilomar State Beach .
Neptun Werft , located in Rostock in Germany , built the A - Rosa Luna . The capital of Berlin is Germany and its leader is Norbert Lammert .
Afonso Pena International Airport has the runway name 11 / 29 .
The Philippines like to enjoy the dish Batchoy which has a main ingredient of Beef .
Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Menasha , Wisconsin .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland . The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm and its leader is Federal Chancellor of Switzerland , Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey , United States where African Americans are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English ( which is spoken in Great Britain ) and is from the US . The capital of the US is Washington , DC and one of its ethnic groups is African Americans .
Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat . It is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Dave Challinor ( player of Colwyn Bay F . c club ) plays for Tranmere Rovers F . C . at Stockport Country F . c and also manages A . F . C Fylde .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of Aarhus in Denmark . It currently has 737 members of staff and 16000 students .
The singer Andra is associated with the band CRBL .
Barny cakes can be found in France , where Claude Bartolone leads and French is a language spoken there .
Canadian James Craig Watson , who died of peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin , was the man who discovered 101 Helena .
The leader of the United States is known as the President .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African American is an ethnic group and where English is the language of the United States which is also spoken in Great Britain .
David Cameron is a leader in the UK .
Afonso Pena International Airport in San Jose Dos Pinhais serves the city of Curitiba . Sao Jose is part of Parana and in the south region of Brazil . The airport is operated by Infraero .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English , in the United States . The main language there is English , the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are one ethnic group .
The celestial body known as ( 15788 ) 1993 SB has a periapsis of 3997100000000 and an apoapsis of 7715100000 . 0 ( kilometres ) . Discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory , ( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an orbital periodd of 7729430000 . 0 and its epoch is 6th March 2006 .
Andrew White plays alternative rock for the Kaiser Chief band . Alternative rock originated with Punk rock and Nu metal is a fusion of alternative rock music .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint in English and was preceded by Grantville Gazette III .
Kent ( United Kingdom ) born Adam Holloway is in the Conservative Party ( UK ) , and is a graduate of Magdalene College , Cambridge .
Auburn is located in Washington state where the capital is Olympia .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , in London . European Parliament is the leader of London where the governing body is the Greater London Authority .
Sheldon Moldoff created the Black Pirate .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 crew .
A Long Long Way , which was published in Print & Paperback , was preceded by Annie Dunne , it has an OCLC number of 57392246 .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia , United States .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra is in the Al - Khor Sports Club which is located in Al - Khor . He also plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by , Amar Osim .
Albany ( Oregon ) , is in the U . S . , the capital of which , is Washington , D . C .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad , India .
An ingredient of Ajoblanco is garlic .
the author Diane Duane wrote the book A wizard of Mars , which can be found under the ISBN " 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 " .
Manufactured by Lockheed Martin , the Atlas II is from the United States and was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Outagamie County , Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport which has a runway length of 2439 . 0 and has an elevation of 280 metres above sea level .
Blues artist Anders Osborne has been signed to the record label Rabadash Records and also to Chicago based Alligator Records .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advance , abbreviated to AIP Adv , from United States , graduated by Stanford University .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud , who is a member of Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak party .
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc . found in the US .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC .
Aaron Turner plays Post metal music and performed for the House of Low Culture . Mr . Turner is also associated with Greymachine .
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay , the birth place of Agustin Barboza , who died in Asuncion .
The runway name of Appleton International Airport is 3 / 21 .
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan , Alabama in 1981 . He is a solo singer and performs hip hop music .
Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq and the length of the runway is 3992 . 88 .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 7 . 5 kg . The periapsis measurement is 283326000000 . 0 . and it has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire but died in California .
Dave Challinor is a player at the A . F . C . Fylde .
The 3Arena , designed by the company Populous , is located at East Link Bridge .
Turkey , where the capital is Ankara , is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) . The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
The capital of Baku is Azerbaijan with its leader called the Prime Minister and its legislative branch called the National Assembly . The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is found in Azerbaijan . It is dedicated to soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The Memorial is known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı .
Alex Tyus belongs to the club , Pallacanestro Cantu .
Justicialist Party member Alberto Teisaire , in office during the presidency of Juan Peron , died in Buenos Aires ( led by Diego Santilli ) .
N . R . Pogson , who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai , discovered 107 Camilla .
The United States Air Force deploy the aircraft fighter General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon and the attack aircraft Lockheed AC - 130 . They fought in the Korean war and currently operate the Al Asad airbase .
Ahmet Ertegun from the U . S . , plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues music . African Americans are one ethnic group from the U . S .
Massimo Drago played for . A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 , he now plays for S . S . Chieti Calcio and manages A . C . Cesana .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which has origins in New wave music . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which has the sub genre Christian alternative rock .
Alpharetta in Georgia has a total area of 55 . 4 square kilometres .
Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works operates the Antwerp International Airport .
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville , North Carolina , is a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and served as Governor of North Carolina . He was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle .
The book " 1634 : The Galileo Affair is available in English .
Alberto Teisaire ( who died in Buenos Aires ) , was in office while Juan Peron was President . Juan Peron belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina , the country where Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires .
A Storrs discovered 107 Camilla , which has the epoch 31 December 2006 . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 km .
AIP ADv . is the abbreviation of AIP Advances , whose editor is A . T . Charlie Johnson . His almaMater is Harvard University .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City . He worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare and was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
London is the capital of England .
The architect of 3Arena was the company Populous .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas , Spain and while he was in office Juan Carlos was the Monarch and his predecessor was Francisco Franco .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio . The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff led by Dean Mario Botta .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish – Soviet War and awarded the Virtuti Militari .
Adam Maher , is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club . His club is PSV Eindhoven , the manager of which , is Phillip Cocu .
Aleksander Prudnikov plays football for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Tom Tomsk .
Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States which is where Albany , Oregon is located and Washington , D . C . is the capital .
Giovanni Bertone founded Gruppo Bertone in Italy . They are the designers of the Abarth 1000 GT coupe manufactured by Abarth .
108 St . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australia it was completed in 1988 and is made up of 50 floors .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Moscow , in Russia .
The singer Andra is associated with the musical artist Marius Moga .
Arros negre contains cuttlefish and is from Catalonia in Spain .
Staten Island , New York City was the birthplace of Albert Jennnings . He passed away in Dona Ana County , New Mexico in the U . S .
Anderson , located in Madison County in Indiana and 268 . 0 above sea level , has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport is locaed in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The airport has an elevation 610 . 0 meters above sea level and operated by ENAIRE . The airport has a runway called 14R / 32L and is 3 , 500 long .
In 1963 Alan Shepard was Chief of the Astronaut Office .
The Alhambra has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type who are found in London . The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is the location of Angola , Pleasant Township , part of Steuben County in Indiana .
The book " A Long Long Way " was published by Viking Press located in the United States . The novel was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Grand Chute , Wisconsin , USA .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas and was built in 1911 . The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22 November 1988 with the reference number 88002539 .
The Aston Martin V8 is a similar vehicle to the DBS and is assembled in Newport Pagnell .
The leader for Albuquerque in New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives .
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . The academy was established in 1996 and has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students .
Born in the Netherlands , Ab Klink , worked as a member of the senate . His Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam which , is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where English is spoken and Barack Obama is the leader . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Duncan Rouleau and Steven T . Seagle are both creators of the character Baymax which featured in the film Big Hero 6 . The voice of this character in the film was provided by Scott Adsit .
Juan Perón was married to Eva Perón .
Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC , the BBC is headquartered in Broadcasting house .
The area of water , in Anaheim ( California ) , is 25 . 2 square kilometres .
The celestial body known as 1001 Gaussia has an absolute magnitude of 9 . 7 .
There is an academic staff of 250 at the AWH Engineering College which is located in Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala .
Julia Morgan was the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and the grounds of Asilomar Conference .
Musician , Andrew White , is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and his genre is alternative rock . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origin is punk rock .
The United States includes the Asian Americans among its ethnic groups and is the location of Albany , Georgia .
Austin Texas is led by a Mayor .
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , in Indiana . Indiana is in the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Armin van Buuren plays House music and associated with Andrew Rayel , who knows Bobina , the musical artist .
Airey Neave died in the Westminster Hospital in London .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , United States . Alan graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and went onto be a test pilot on Apollo 14 . Alan later died in California .
Anderson is loctated in Madison County , Indiana , United States .
The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico which has a population density of 1142 . 3 per sq km and a total area of 490 . 0 sq km .
Livorno Calcio S . p . A . is abbreviated to A . S . Livorno Calcio . Its home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi it played in season 2014 and has 19238 members .
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Italian is the spoken language .
The celestial body , discovered by Iwan P Williams , known as ( 15788 ) 1993 SB , has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . It has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 and an apoapsis of 7715100000 kilometres .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000 are all similar means of transport .
Andrew White , a musician signed to the record label B - Unique Records , plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow .
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
Adam Holloway , born in Faversham Kent , England , resides in Gravesend .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Al - Wakrah Sport Club in the Qatar Stars league .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania , in the municipality of Gettysburg .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas and was built in 1911 . It holds the Reference Number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is found in Singapore and Java . Baduy is an ethnic group of Java .
Adam Maher ' s birthplace is Diemen and he belongs to the clubs PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar .
Batagor and Shumai are variations of a dish that contains peanut sauce .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture .
Amarillo is found in Potter County , Texas where Spanish is spoken in the state . Texas is part of the U . S . A . where Washington , D . C . is the capital .
John van den Brom is a player in İstanbulspor A . Ş but also manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for R . S . C . Anderlecht .
In 1959 , Alan Shepard was selected by NASA .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the state of Karnataka , India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum . . The Director is Dr G P Prabhukumar and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Brandon Sanderson was born in Lincoln Nebraska .
Rome is the capital of Italy , where Matteo Renzi is a leader , and where Amatriciana sauce can be found .
103 Hera has a mass is 7 . 9kg and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km .
Whiskey Rebellion was one battle fought in the US .
Auburn , Alabama , has the area code , 334 .
Alan Bean , who was part of Apollo 12 , was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 and is now retired .
The main ingredients of Batchoy , which is from the Phillipines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City .
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the capital city is Baku . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which commemorates the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial has been designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Azerbaijan ' s leader is the Prime Minister and his name is Artur Rasizade . Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , is located in Azerbaijan whose capital is Baku .
The Al Asad Airbase , located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , has a runway length of 3990 ft .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes Adninistrative Science Quarterly . The University is located in Ithaca , New York and has the nickname Cornell Big Red .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 in Asherton Texas and was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 22nd November 1988 .
Abel Caballero , born in Glaicia , Spain , was in office during the reign of Juan Carlos I of Spain ( preceded by Alfonso XIII ) and Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez ' leadership .
The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruise Line and owned by Costa Crociere ; it was built by Meyer Werft ( Germany ) and is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S .
Formerly a member of the youth club Penarol , Abel Hernandez ' s clubs are the Uruguay National football team and US Citta di Palermo .
The alma mater of Ab Klink is Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . Klink was born in the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte and uses the euro currency .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by Montreal Locomotive Works , has a diesel - electric transmission and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres and an average speed of 4 . 56 km / s .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division at its ground at Metapan .
Washington DC is the capital of the US where Joe Biden is a political leader . The Asian americans are an ethnic group within the country which is where the bacon explosion comes from .
English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US , which is where Amarillo , Potter County , Texas can be found .
Abel Hernández ' s birth place is Pando , Uruguay .
Walter Baade , who discovered , 1036 Ganymed , died in Gottingen .
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark .
An icebreaker , the Aleksey Chirikov , has a length of 99 . 83 metres and a 21 . 2 m long shipbeam . The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki .
The elevation above the sea level for Anderson , Indiana , is 268 . 0 .
December 18 , 2004 was Ariane 5 ' s final flight .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is led by The Labour Party .
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in the bakewell tart .
The Andrews County Airport fourth runway is made of asphalt .
Bakso is a Chinese style dish from Indonesia ( capital Jakarta ) . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of the country and they speak Indonesian there .
In 1996 the Academia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established . There are 600 students and an academic staff of 100 .
The Javanese cuisine dish of arem - arem has banana leaf in it and can be found in Indonesia .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where Greek is spoken .
The harback book , A Fortress of Grey Ice , was written by J . V . Jones and has 672 pages .
A . C . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy . Pietro Grasso is a leader of the Italian people , and the national language is Italian .
Alex Plante ' s club is called Anyang Halla .
The language spoken in Texas is English .
Dick Dillin , the creator of Aurakles , is from the US .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney , whose leader is Elizabeth II .
St . Vincent – St . Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States and is the location for the home ground of Akron Summit Assault .
700 students are enrolled in a post - graduate program at Acharya Institute of Technology .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil in 2015 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , U . S . and died on 1896 - 02 - 01 in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Mexico is led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Spanish . Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico .
Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan .
The Aston Martin Virage , related to the Aston Martin DBS ( manufactured by Aston Martin ) , was succeeded by the 5 . 3 liter engined , Aston Martin V8 .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio is bordered by the Municipality of Meride .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza was Paraguay , where Juan Afara is the leader .
Auburn , Washington is located within the U . S . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that country .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai . The Acharya Institute is located in the state of Karanataka which has to its west the Arabian Sea .
Paul Gustavson is the creator of " The Arrow " , otherwise known as Ralph Payne .
Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong and also found in mainland China , it ' s main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue and sponge cake ( or Christmas pudding ) . It ' s main ingredient is Ice Cream .
Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is a historic district in the United States , and was established on 11th July 1907 at the Monocacy National Battlefield , where it is owned by the National Park Service .
Attica , Indiana is in Fountain County , Indiana in the U . S . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The Institute has 700 postgraduate students and the campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The largest city in United States is New York City .
A Severed Wasp was assigned the OCLC number 8805735 .
The ALV X - 1 rocket was launched once .
Texas is located in the United States and has the capital city of Austin . The Spanish language is spoken and the state is the location of Andrews County Airport .
Solo singer Aaron Deer , whose musical genre is Psychedelia , is from Indiana , USA .
AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson .
The Antares rocket has its final flight on 13th July 2014 and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Texas is part of the United States of America . In Randall County , there is a town called Amarillo .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The English language is spoken in Illinois which has the capital city of Springfield .
Elliot See , a US national , was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . He flew as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1962 . He died on 28 February 1966 in St Louis .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and its OCLC number is 45644811 .
The bakewell tart originates from the Derbyshire Dales region , has frangipane as one of it ' s ingredients and bakewell pudding as a variant .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the United States .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office , had its maiden flight on January 9th 2014 , and launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Buzz Aldrin was an American crew member on Apollo 11 , having been born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
Bandeja Paisa is from the Paisa region it is a typical Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines .
Country musician Al Anderson has been performing country music since 1966 , with such bands as NRBQ and The WIldweeds .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States and is published in English which is spoken in great britain .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was one commander in that war .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil .
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul , Turkey and he plays rhythm and blues . Disco is a derivative of R & B which is originating from Blues .
The total area in Antioch , California is 75 . 324 ( square kilometres ) .
The novel Owen Glendower is a notable work by the author John Cowper Powys .
Haider al - Abadi is the name of the leader of Iraq , where the currency is the Iraqi dinar and where the Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Iraq . Fuad Masum is another leader in the country .
300 North LaSalle is found in Chicago . Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , which is located in Illinois State , United States .
Infraero , in Brasilia , is served by Afonso Pena Aiport , with an elevation of 911 meters about sea level and is operated by Infraero .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin van Buuren and Christian Burns .
The location of Aarhus Airort is Tirstrup , which is in Denmark . Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region . Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the language of the country is Faroese .
The Frangipane - based dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay where the leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
Alison O ' Donnell performs Psychedelic folk music and can play the autoharp .
The Delta II , from the United States , was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 and is similar to the Antares rocket .
The Ethiopian birr is the money used in Ethiopia .
Andra performs rhythm and blues music and is associated with the musical artist Marius Moga and Puya .
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC , the home ground of which is , Al Khor . Alaa Abdul Zahra , who plays for plays for Al - Khor Sports Club , is part of the club , AL Kharaitiyat SC .
Aaron Deer ' s genre is Psychedelia and he played the keyboard .
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 .
Juan Peron belongs to the Labour Party in Argentina where he was president while Hortensio Quijano was Governor and Alberto Teisaire was in office .
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul , Turkey , and he plays rhythm and blues . A derivative of this genre is disco .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and one of the languages spoken is English .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , Brazil . They played in the 2015 season when Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions .
Allen Forrest was originally a solo singer and performs hip hop music . The stylistic origin of hip hop music is disco and drum and bass derives its sounds from it .
Ardmore Airport in New Zeland is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the language used is English .
Anderson is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
The Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers .
Elliot See , who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 .
Alan B . Miller Hall in Williamsburg , Virginia was designed by Robert A . M . Stern and completed on June 1 , 2009 . It ' s owner is the College of William and Mary .
One of South Africa ' s ethnic groups are the Coloured .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam .
Navajo is a language in New Mexico .
The owner of the Atlanta Falcons is Arthur Blank .
Auburn Alabama has an elevation above sea level of 214 and has a total area of 140 . 8 square kilometres ( water area 1 . 7 sq km ) . The area code for Auburn , Alabama is 334 and its population density is 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The comic book character Amazing - Man was created by Bill Everett .
Bionico is a fish from Mexico where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto . It is served as a dessert adn can sometimes include cottage cheese .
Lemon comes from the plant order Sapindales .
Albany is part of Oregon , U . S . and Salem is the capital of the state . Americans live in the U . S . , so do Asian Americans .
The English language is spoken in California which includes Anaheim .
Ahmedabad is in India .
Bill Oddie stars in Bananaman that was first aired on the 3rd of October , 1983 .
The Atlas II , whose launch pad is at Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 , was made by Lockheed Martin .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , India . It ' s affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s birth place was Uruguay , where the leader is , Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( their full name ) play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of this league .
Barack Obama is the leader of United States .
American Alan Bean was chosen by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Apollo 12 mission . He was a test pilot who was born on March 12th , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia on the Malay Peninsula . Malaysian Chinese and Malay are ethnic groups found there too .
Acharya Institute of Technology has 10 , 000 undergraduate students .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois in the U . S . where the English language is spoken .
Walter Baade was a German national .
The book Wolf Solent is first in a series of books written by John Cowper Powys . The sequel to this books is A Glastonbury Romance which was then followed by Weymouth Sands and then Maiden Castle .
Madeline L ' Engle is an author , influenced by George MacDonald , who wrote A Severed Wasp .
The White South Africans are an ethnic group in the country which has Cyril Ramaphosa as a leader and where 11 Diagonal Street is located .
The film , Big Hero 6 , stars Ryan Potter .
The Acura TLX was assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal , the genre performed by the band Twilight . Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player for the band as well as being an artist for the band Isis .
The comic book character Blockbuster , whose alter ego is Roland Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle .
Andra plays rhythm and blues and began her career as a solo singer . Rhythm and blues music originated from the blues and one of its derivative is disco .
Plymouth are the manufacturers of the Plymouth Plaza which is related to the Dodge 1955 which in turn is related to the DeSoto Custom car . The DeSoto Firedome was made after the DeSoto Custom .
The city manager is the leader of Ann Arbor , Michigan .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India is in the state of Kerala . The college has 250 employees . Kerala is led by Kochi while the largest city in India is Mumbai .
Rhythm and blues solo singer Albennie Jones was born 1914 , in Errata Mississippi .
Ayam penyet is from the Java and Singapore regions . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore .
Aaron Deer ' s genre is Psychedelia .
Atlanta , part of Fulton County in Georgia , has an area code of 404 . The city covers 344 . 9 sq km ( total area 347 . 1 ) and has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Synthpop is a form of House music .
Barrow A . F . C . team won the championship before in the National League North .
Aaron Turnerplays post metal music with the band Twilight .
To make an Arem - Arem you need compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings and this meal originates from Indonesia .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and originates from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions .
Adam McQuaid was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets , he plays for Boston ' s , Boston Bruins ( managed by Don Sweeney ) .
Abner W . Sibal served in the United States miliary and fought in World War II at the same time Joseph Stalin was a commander and ended his career on January 3 , 1965 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s current club is FC Amkar Perm .
Pop musician . Andra , is associated with Marius Moga and Andreea Balan .
Antioch is in California and the Chinese language is spoken there .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician , in which Death metal is a fusion . He plays electric guitar and performed for House of Low Culture .
Mexico ( led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo ) is the home of the dessert bionico . This cake originates from the Jalisco region .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza is Asuncion .
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit , which has a garrison in Hohne , during World War Two . One of the commanders in that war was Chiang Kai - shek .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the league , EPSTH 2nd GROUP , with 1500 members their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
Ahmet Ertegun has a background as a non - performing personnel in the Blues .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , in the Akita Prefecture .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and he lived in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . Mr . Mahmud was part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Baked Alaska ( which comes from the country France ) is a dessert , as is a cookie .
Adonis Georgiadis held office as the Minister for Health .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez has been manager of A D Isidro Metapán .
Guiana Space Centre , French Guiana , is the location of the ELA - 3 launchpad , operated by Arianespace , located in Courcouronnes . The ELA - 3 is where the Ariane 5 was launched .
NRBQ ' s singer is rock musician Al Anderson . Rock originates from country and influences the fusion style of Bhangra .
Malaysia ' s capital city is Kuala Lumpur and among the country ' s ethnic groups can be found the Malay people and the Malaysian Indians . Asam Pedas is a dish of the region and can be found throughout the Malaysian peninsula .
William Anders was born on the 17th of October 1933 .
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italian national under 16 football team .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States , which is led by Susana Mendoza , and has 60 floors .
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument , made of bronze , in Izmir is the 27th of July , 1932 .
New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport ; is 34 . 0 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 597 . 0 metres and its 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F . C . club .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and his career ended on March 3rd 1857 . He was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington and he died in Sycamore , Illinois .
Adisham Hall was started to be built in 1927 and was completed in 1931 . Adisham Hall has the architectural style ' Tudor Revival ' and it ' s address is : St . Benedicts Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka .
The Azerbaijan legislature is known as the National Assembly .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is the key person at the Californian founded Caterpillar Inc . The company is located at Peoria , Illinois and powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA cruises .
Magdalene College Cambridge alum and United Kingdom national Tory member Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England . He started his career 05 / 05 / 2005 .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen which plays in the Bundesliga . He also plays for SV Werder Bremen II which is manged by Alexander Nouri .
Abel Hernandez played for the Central Espanol club and currently for Hull City AFC .
The city of Aarhus is governed by Magistrates .
Frank Borman was a crewman aboard Apollo 8 .
Ajoblanco is from spain as are Spaniards .
Born in Stockhom , Ace Wilder , is signed to the record label EMI Records and has a musical background as a solo singer .
Akron in Summit County , Ohio , is part of the U . S . where Americans live and Washington D . C . is the capital .
The Baku Turkish Maryrs ' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan . The capital of Azeribaijan is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade . Azerbaijan has legislature of National Assembly .
Alfred Giles from England was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House .
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California which is in the United States .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . The leader of Kerala is Kochi .
Adenan Satem succeeded by Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak .
The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas .
Andrew White plays alternative rock whose style originated from punk rock . Nu metal music is a fusion of alternative rock and Christian music is a sub genre of alternative rock .
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super league for Anadolu Efes SK who are coached by Dusan Ivkovic .
A traditional dish of Indonesia is called Batagor , which has peanut sauce as an ingredient and should be served hot .
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit . He is also associated with the band , Galactic .
Anaheim , California has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , area codes 657 and 714 , and a UTC offset of - 7 .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics and has the abbreviation of Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . It can be located by the ISSN number " 0025 - 5858 " .
Aaron Turner performs post - metal music with the Twilight band . He also played with the Sumac band . Cello is a post - metal instrument .
103 Hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms , orbital period of 1633 . 213 days , apoapsis of 437170000 , and an epoch of the 27th of August , 2011 .
Based in the US , Johns Hopkins University Press is the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics ( OCLC number 1480153 ) . It is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 , being awarded the American Defense Service ribbon .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria and is in the Italian national under 17 ' s coached by Alessandro Dal Canto .
Ab Klink worked as a Member of the House of Representatives .
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Singapore and Java . The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in 1948 , in Moscow , Russia . The club Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Spain , was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and also when Juan Carlos I preceded Alfoso XIII as the country ' s monarch .
Daniel Gould Fowle is the successor to Alfred Moore Scales , the Governor of North Carolina .
Akron , Ohio is in the United States , where English is spoken , and where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago and was the spouse of Abraham A . Ribicoff . From the United States , Abraham A Ribicoff died in New York , U . S . , the country where one of the ethnic groups is , African Americans .
200 Public square is located in the United States . It has 45 floors , is 111484 square metres , and was completed in 1985 .
A . F . C . Fylde ' s ground is Kellamergh Park . They have 3180 members and the full name of " Association Football Club Fylde . " .
Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music which originated from ska music .
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
Bakso is a popular dish containing Tapioca and found all over Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries .
The escape velocity of 1097 Vicia is 0 . 0112 km per sec .
Anders Osborne , whose genre is Rhythm and blues , has worked with Tab Benoit . Anders Osborne is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars and musical artist , Billy Iuso .
The singer Andra is a solo singer with a genre of Dance - pop music . She was born in Câmpia , Turzii .
The 1955 Dodge has an AMC V8 engine .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . Trance originates from Pop .
A member of the Republican Party of the United States , Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and married to Agnes Ward White . Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on March 4th , 1905 .
103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
Alan Shepard has died in California . He was born in New Hampshire and attended NWC , graduating in 1957 with an MA . He served as a test pilot and prior to retiring on 1 August 1974 he was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal , an award higher than the Department of Commerce medal .
Democrat Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina and was born in Reidsville , North Carolina . He attended the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle .
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where Barack Obama was once the leader . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and the capital is Washington D . C .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the president . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Bakewell tarts contain fruit preserves and are a version of Bakewell pudding . The tart hails from , Patrick McLoughlin led , Derbyshire Dales .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine and originates from the Paisa region . One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which is a member of the family Rutaceae and is from the genus citrus .
The latin name for 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in 2000 falls under the category of Contributing property . It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Alan Frew ' s origins are from Canada , where one of the main languages spoken is French .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , the leader of which was President Barack Obama , a member of the African American ethnic group .
Above the Veil is written in English .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi . The College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
N . R . Pogson , born in Nottingham , England , was the discoverer of 107 Camilla . He died in chennai .
Olympiacos F . C . were past champions in the Greece Superleague .
Anaheim is in Orange County , CA in the U . S . The California State Assembly leads Anaheim .
The rock musician Anders Osborne ' s record label is Chicago based Alligator Records . He is also signed to Okeh records .
Afrobeat is a fusion of funk music which is the genre of Aleksandra Kovac . .
1099 Figneria ( formerly known as 1928 RQ ) has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . It has an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan , whose capital is Lansing .
The comic character , Ballistic , has the alternative name , Kelvin Mao , and was created by Michael Manley .
The ship AIDAstella built by Meyer Werft is operated by AIDA Cruises and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
Elizabeth II is the queen of Jamaica .
Asser Levy Public Baths are in Manhattan , New York .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway is surfaced with Poaceae . Poaceae belongs to the Poales and Commelinids order and classified as Monocotyledon .
AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who is a United States national .
Dave Challinor , who played football for Bury FC . , is the manager of AFC Fylde .
Orange County , California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , is within the United States .
People from the US are called Americans and Atlas II is from the United States .
The owner of AZ Alkmaar is Max Huiberts .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 and it was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . The length of ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres , it has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
Aleksandr Prudnikov has played for FC Terek Grozny and for FC Dynamo Moscow . FC Terek Grozny play in Grozny and are managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . It is the location of Agra Airport which is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the aircraft capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
The Battle of Gettysburg took place during the American Civil War when Robert E Lee was a commander . Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
White Americans are an ethnic group within the United States .
The population density , of Attica ( Indiana ) , is 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Ajoblanco , from the Andalusia region in Spain , has almond as one of its ingredients . Ajo blanco is an alternative name of Ajoblanco .
Imst , Austrian born Alfons Gorbach died in Styria . Doris Bules leads Austrian German speaking Austria .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense which has 17000 members played in the 2015 season .
Baked Alaska is a type of dessert from France , a country where Manuel Valls is a leader . Cookies are also a type of dessert .
The Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda .
Alpharetta , is located in Georgia , in the United States ( capital city : Washington D . C . ) . African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States .
The celestial body known as ( 29075 ) 1950 DA ; has an orbital period of 69862200 , a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 , and a mass of 4 . 0 kilograms .
The United States House of Representatives is located in Washington D . C .
John van den Brom plays for both Vitesse Arnham and Jong Ajax . He has also managed AZ Alkmaar .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro . Ab Klink is a national of the country having been born in Stellendam .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) runway name is 07 / 25 .
Abner W . Sibal , born in Ridgewood , Queens , was both a member of Connecticut ' s 26th District Senate and 4th Congressional District . Marjorie Farmer was his successor .
Amarillo is located in Randall County , Texas and lies 1099 . 0 above sea level . It covers a total area of 233 . 9 sq km and has a population density of 746 per sq km .
To the southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania where 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found lies Carroll County , Maryland .
The governing body of Birmingham is the City Council and is led by Andrew Mitchell . The city , which has the B postcode , is the hometown of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum , has 700 postgraduate students . The campus is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The paperback book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " , was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans . The US is where you will find Angola , part of Steuben County in Indiana .
The Canadian James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera , whose absolute magnitude is 7 . 66 . He studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in USA which is the country of Bacon Explosion .
Houston Texans is owned by Bob McNair .
Abilene is part of Texas within the United States . Washington D . C . is the capital of the country and English is the official language .
The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is led by Taro Aso . The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Akeem Ayers , who made his debut with the Tennessee Titans , formerly played for the Los Angeles Rams who play in Los Angeles .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door model with a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a straight - four engine . Its production began in 1958 .
Alpharetta , Fulton County is part of the state of Georgia in the United States . Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County , Georgia .
A Loyal Character is in print and was written by Qiu Xiaolong with 360 pages .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and his Alma mater is the University of Adelaide . Abdul Taib Mahmud ; resides in Sarawak , was succeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The United Kingdom national Adam Holloway is a member of the Conservative Party .
Anders Osborne is a rock guitarist associated with Johnny Sansone and signed to Shanchie Recrods . Bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music .
A . D . Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and they have 10000 members .
AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV / AIDS . The journal has the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 and LCCN number 90640840 .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . The inhabitants of the United States are called Americans and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Alex Tyus had been drafted in 2011 .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas .
Abel Hernandez , who played for the Central Espanol club , in his youth , played for Peñarol . Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Peñarol which play in the Uruguayan Primera División league .
While the leader of India is Narendra Modi , another leader is TS Thakur , and Amdavad ni Gufa is a location in India .
Akron , Summit County , Ohio is in the U . S . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C .
Born in Niger State , Abdulsalami Abubakar ; worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff , attended the Technical Institute , Kaduna , and was succeeded by , Al - Amin Daggash .
Aaron Boogaard , who played for Wichita Thunder club , was born in 1986 in Regina , Saskatchewan .
Don Guardian leads New Jersey ( United States ) where the township of Egg Harbor is . This township is where the Atlantic City International Airport , which serves serves Atlantic City , N . J . , is located .
The American Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B . S . He worked as a test pilot .
Barny cakes are found in France where Manuel Valls is a leader .
ELA - 3 , operated by Arianespace , is found in Courcouronnes at the The Guiana Space Centre located in Kourou , French Guiana . The Ariane rocket took flight from this site .
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company , which was founded in Coventry and later succeeded by the Rover Company , manufactured the Alvis Speed 25 that has a 4387 . 00 cc engine .
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . The series , which was created by John Geering , stars Graeme Garden .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol , in Austria .
Barrow A . F . C . team won the championship before in the National League North , obviously they are in that league .
Andrew Rayel has associations with numerous music artists including Bobina and House performer Armin van Buuren . Other names he has worked with include Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
There are 45 floors at 200 Public Square .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States .
Anaheim is part of Orange County , which is located in the Greater Los Angeles area of California , United States . Anaheim has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and is led by the United States House of Representatives .
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and performs ambient music . He played for Old Man Gloom and with the band Twilight .
Albany is in Dougherty County , Georgia , US . The people in the US are known as Americans and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Makis Voridis was born in Athens who was the predecessor of Adonis Georgiadis . Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Mr . Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Illinois is situated in the United States .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce made with Pecorino Romano .
The building of A - Rosa Luna was completed on April 6th 2005 .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265 kelvins , an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and its epoch date was on 4 November 2013 . It has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres and its periapsis is 41498400000 . 0 .
Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . was commonly known as Buzz Aldrin and was born January 20 , 1930 .
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 .
Taylor County , Texas is located within the United States .
Atlas II originated from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken .
Oregano is one of the ingredients that can be used in a variation of Arrabbiata sauce .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Candombe musical with a background as a solo singer . He has RCA Records as his recording label and is associated with Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Perez .
Max Huiberts owns AZ Alkmaar .
Attica , part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana , lies 166 above sea level and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants for each of the 4 . 14 square kilometres it covers .
Both William Anders and Frank Borman were crew members aboard Apollo 8 .
The Aids Journal ISSN number is 1473 - 5571 .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom , in the English language .
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT sandwich which is also known as a club sandwich or bacon sandwich .
Alessio Rmagnoli was a defender for AS Roma .
Baymax is a character who first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 . It was created by Steven T Seagle and Duncan Rouleau .
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kg and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km .
The celestial body known as ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 was formerly called 1999 SN5 and has the epoch date 13 January 2016 and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days . It has a periapsis measurement of 41498400000 and the apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 kms .
Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region .
London located Polydor Records , is the record label of Andrew White , whose genre is alternative rock . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which has origins in New wave music .
Alex Plante who has played for the club Anyang Halla was born in Canada .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician associated with the Plastik Mak .
The Audi A1 is classed as a supermini .
Akeem Ayers was born in Raleigh , North Carolina .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which is led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . The capital city of the country is Athens and the Greek language is spoken .
Atlanta , is a part of the U . S . state , Georgia .
Auburn is part of King County in the state of Washington . The largest city in this US state is Seattle , and the country ' s capital is Washington DC .
Alison O ' Donnell performed for the bands United Bible Studies and Flibbertigibbet . She played folk music of Ireland .
Atlantic City is in New Jersey , in the United States and the largest city in New Jersey is Newark . Washington D . C . is the capital of the U . S . where Native Americans are one ethnic group .
The Delta II , from the US , was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 . The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II .
The runway length of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 4 , 019 .
The Antares rocket was a medium expendable launch system built by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Aleksandra Kovac is musically involved with Kristina Kovac and plays rhythm and blues with Kornelije Kovac in the same band .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , written in English , is from The United States .
Aaron S . Daggett died in West Roxbury .
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria , the leader of which , is Doris Bures .
William M . O . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland , died in Charleston , West Virginia and was succeeded by Albert B . White .
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the USA . African Americans are an ethic group there , and Sandesh is another dessert .
Irish people are the inhabitants of the Republic of Ireland .
Caterpillar Inc . is located in Illinois .
The birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo , in Uruguay , the leader of which , is Tabaré Vázquez .
The Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov in Finland where Juha Sipila is the leader .
Auburn , Alabama has a population density of 368 . 65 inhabitants per sq km .
1099 Figneria has an escape velocity of 0 . 0155 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 605718000 . 0 kilometres .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada on 11th August 1986 and plays for Wichita Thunder .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is considered a mid - size luxury executive car and is also known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " . It has a 4 - speed automatic ZF 4HP18Q transmission and a Straight four engine .
Bhajji is a similar dish to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour .
After graduating from NWC , M . A . in 1957 , Alan Shepard became a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA . He was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
Andra performs Dance - pop music and was born in Romania in 1986 . She is a singer and Reality tv judge .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument is located in the United States within the Monocacy National Battlefield . It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and resides at Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His party is called the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
United States Democratic Party and Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare worker Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the U . S . and died in Connecticut .
Abilene , Texas has a total area of 286 . 5 sq km .
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30853 . 8 square metres and has 12 floors .
Abilene , Taylor County , Texas is served by the Abilene regional airport .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Albany , Georgia can be found .
Alessio Romagnoli played for the Italian national under - 19 football team .
The official language of Iraq is Arabic .
Johann Schneider Ammann is the name of the leader of Switzerland .
Akeem Ayers , who made his debut with the Nashville , Tennessee based Tennessee TItans , previously played for the St Louis Rams coached by Jeff Fisher .
Based at Bryning Lane , the Association Football Club Fylde , or AFC Fylde played the 2014 - 15 season and has 3180 members .
One of the commanders in World War II was Franklin D Roosevelt . Airey Neave fought in this war and was part of the Royal Artillery Unit , which has a garrison at Hohne .
The runway length at Athens International Airport is 3 , 800 .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader ' s title is President . The country ' s capital is Washington D . C . and Barack Obama is the leader . Also in the U . S . , one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
Pork belly is an ingredient in the typical colombian dish of bandeja paisa .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where the leader is Diego Santilli . Alberto Teisaire was from Argentina , where Spanish is the language spoken .
1036 Ganymed , has a temperature of , 160 kelvins , and its apoapsis measurement is 611961000 . 0 kilometres .
1000 Piazzia was formerly known as " 1967 ED " .
11264 Claudiomaccone has a rotation period of 11473 . 9 .
BLTis a type of sandwich containing bacon and tomato . Bacon sandwiches are very popular in Great Britain where the leader is called David Cameron .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and went to the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot was selected by NASA in 1962 and served as a test pilot before passing away in St Louis .
Antioch , California is led by the United States House of Representatives .
The United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase fought in the Korean war and at the invasion of Panama .
The Aston Martin V8 , Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport . The Aston Martin V8 , has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is assembled at Newport Pagnell .
250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
Auburn , Washington is in the U . S . where the capital is Washington , D . C .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
A Fortress of Grey Ice which was written by J . V . Jones , was made in " Print " and has the OCLC number 51969173 .
Elliot See was an American born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and began working for NASA in 1962 . See died on Feb 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ( Latin name - " Universitas Aarhusiensis " was established in 1928 and it is affiliated with the European University Association .
Chicago is part of Illinois .
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and in the Jong Ajax club . He is also the manager of AZ Alkmaar .
Elliot See is a United States national born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin . He died on February 28 , 1966 in St . Louis . .
Above the Veil is written by Garth Nix and produced in print .
Aaron S . Daggett fought during the Battle of Garnett ' s & Golding ' s Farm .
The Derbyshire Dales , whose leader is Patrick McLoughlin , is part of Derbyshire and is where Bakewell tarts come from . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and one of the ingredients is frangipane .
California uses English as a spoken language and is the location of Anaheim . Anaheim is led by Tom Tait and the California State Assembly which is located in the State Capitol .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , Akita , a part of Akita Prefecture in Japan . The leader of the country is Tarō Asō , and Vietnamese people are an ethnic group from Japan .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz and signed with Floating World Records label . Funk music is derived from Jazz .
The Italian language is spoken in Italy .
Leaders in Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn . Addis City Hall , Ethiopia is in Addis Ababa .
Akeem Priestley played for FK Mughan and Sheikh Russel KC .
The Olympic Stadium in Athens is the home of AEK Athens FC . The football club ' s manager used to be Gus Poyet , who played for Real Zaragoza in the past .
A cookie is a dessert .
Born in Stockholm , in 1982 , Ace Wilder ' s occupation . is singer . He has a musical background is as a solo singer .
Signed to the Rabadash Records label , Anders Osborne ' s record label is Alligator Records and genre is Rhythm and blues .
With an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec , 109 Felicitas , has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms , and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza was Paraguay and the leader there is Juan Afara .
Aaron Turner came from the US and started performing in 1995 . He is a black metal musician who has played with the band Twilight and is associated with the group Greymachine .
Indie rock singer Aaron Deer is from Indiana , United States . He has collaborated with The Horns of Happiness .
The character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin .
AFC Blackpool competed in the 2014 season .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece , and worked as the Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association and has a staff compliment of 737 . 16000 students attend the university currently .
The Acura TLX has a front engine design .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by the American Locomotive Company , has a diesel - electric transmission . It has a V12 engine and has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland . The monument was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 and is categorised as an historic district in the United States .
United Kingdom born Alfred Garth Jones , died in Sidcup , London . Boris Johnson and the Parliament of the United Kingdom are leaders of London .
Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , has the Architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
109 Felicitas , which has an epoch date of 31 . 12 . 2006 , a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 km .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV and plays for SV Werder Bremen in the Bundesliga league . SV Werder Breman is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk .
Test Pilot Alan Shepard was born November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire .
William Anders is an American .
American Motors , acquired by Chrysler , includes key figure Roy D Chapin Jr and manufactures the AMC Matador .
Alexandria is part of the state of Indiana .
In 1927 the construction of Adisham Hall in Haputale began in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
The leader of Buenos Aires is Gabriela Michetti , where the governing body is the City Legislature and where Alberto Teisaire died .
The U . S . Army fought in the Invasion of Grenada . Alfred N . Phillip was part of the U . S . Army .
Akeem Dent is a player number 50 .
Led by the United States House of Representatives , Antioch is part of Contra Costa County , which is part part of the San Francisco Bay Area . This area is in California , where in some parts , Chinese is spoken .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio where Dan Horrigan is the leader .
Lemon , part of the rutaceae family , is in Bandeja paisa , a Colombian dish which originates from the Paisa region .
Qarabag FK are champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League . AZAL PFK , who have 3500 members also play in the league and are in season 2014 .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and the Kids Imagine Nation . He performs ska punk , which is originated from punk rock music .
The residence of Abdul Taib Mahmud is Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Synthpop music originated from Disco and new wave music and is derived from house music . It is performed by Alex Day who is a solo singer .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where Barack Obama is leader , and English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The US includes many Asian Americans .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Warnemunde , Germany . It has a length of 125 . 8 metres , a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes , and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is US Citta di Palermo and he has also played for Central Espanol .
The Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine and it ' s body style is the coupe .
Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . was commonly known as Buzz Aldrin .
Asser Levy Public Baths has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and started out as a solo singer . Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s musical genre is Candombe ahd his record label is Movieplay .
Jens Hartel club is Berliner AK 07 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is a novel from the United States where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital of the US is Washington D . C . and Native Americans are an ethnic group there .
Footballer Steve Davis , is the manager of Crewe Alexandra FC , one of the clubs for which Alan Martin plays . Another club of his is , Motherwell FC , the home ground of which , is located in Fir Park .
109 Felicitas , which has the epoch date 31 December 2006 , has a mass of 7 . 5 kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . It ' s apoapsis measurement is 523329000 . 0 kms and the escape velocity is 0 . 0473 km per sec .
410777 2009 FD has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs .
The wheelbase of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is 2160 millimetres and is a two door coupé .
Andrew White is signed with B - Unique Records and is associated with Marry Banilow . and the Kaiser Chiefs .
Albuquerque is located in New Mexico , United States and is led by the New Mexico Senate . The Senate ' s leader is John Sanchez and English is the official language of the country . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Alessio Romagnoli is in the club Italy national under 17 ' s for the club U . C . Sampdoria .
Abilene is located in Taylor County , Texas in the United States .
657 and 714 are area codes for Anaheim , CA .
The leader of Iraq is Fuad Masum .
1089 Tama was discovered on 26 November 2005 . It has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
The area code of Anderson , Indiana , is 765 .
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens and was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , which is part of Gran Asuncion in Paraguay . The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and an ethnic group of the country is called Mestizo .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States .
Alex Tyus , born January 8 , 1988 began his career in 2011 ( when he was drafted ) . He has played for the Florida Gators .
The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is pop music , in whihc one of its fusion is Disco music . He is part of the K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) and is associated with the musician Kristina Kovač .
1634 : The Baltic War preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was written by Eric Flint of Burbank California and influenced by Robert A Heinlein .
Amatriciana sauce , which is made of tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , and olive oil , comes from the region of Lazio in Italy .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States , where Native Americas are an ethnic group and the largest city is New York . The US is the location of Atlantic City , which is part of New Jersey .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St Louis in France . The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated to the university of texas system . They competed in the Big 12 Conference and has Gregory L . Fenves as their president and The Hook ' em as the mascot .
AEK Athens F . C . is in the Superleague of Greece and has 69618 members . Their ground is the Olympic Stadium in Athens .
Pork is an ingredient in Batchoy .
Alvah Sabin was a member of the United States Whig Party and its leader was Daniel Webster .
Retired American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , NJ .
Spanish born Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of King Juan Carlos I of Spain , whose predecessor was Francisco Franco .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena , which is located at the North Wall Quay .
A tasty addition to a bacon sandwich is ketchup which is popular in the UK .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( Gettysburg , Pennsylvania United States ) was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
AWH Engineering College is in the State of Kerala in India .
The total area of Anaheim , California is 131 . 6 sq km . and the area codes are 657 and 714 .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore .
Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which originated from funk music . Ace Wilder , who has a background as a solo singer , is an exponent of hip hop .
Angola is located in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , Indiana in the United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States .
Aaron Deer performs Psychedelia music and plays the bass guitar .
Aaron Turner , who began performing in 1995 , plays electroacoustic music and has been a member of the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
The Antares rocket , manufactured by Orbital ATK , was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It is comparable to the Delta II , with its launch site at Vandenberg Air Force Base .
1036 Ganymed has an orbital period of 374976 . 0 seconds and an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 kilometres . Its epoch date is October 22nd 2004 .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and its ground is the AFAS Stadion .
The fullname of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S . p . A .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States where people speak English . The U . S . is home to Americans in general and African Americans .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
New York City was the birthplace of Albert Jennings and he passed away in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He fought in the American Civil War and one commander in that war was Jefferson Davis .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is where the bacon explosion comes from .
The Italy built Alfa Romeo 164 , the Fiat Croma and the Opel Vectra are all similar vehicles .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the population are known as Americans . The country is led by President Barack Obama and is where 1634 The Ram Rebellion originates .
AZAL PFK stands for " AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu " . They competed in the season 2014 and have 3500 members .
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force .
Contra Costa County is part of the San Francisco Bay area , in California .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force and fought in the Korean War . The General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter in the United States Air Force .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader in Mexico , where the dish bionico comes from the Jalisco region . Bionico is a dessert dish and a variation on dessert can be cake .
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport located at Paracuellos de Jarama , is 4 , 100 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written in English .
Addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " Addiction " .
In the country of the Philippines they speak Arabic and a common dish is Batchoy .
Scott Adsit provides the voice for Baymax who was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the country is the location of the Ampara Hospital . It is located in Ampara , Eastern Province which is led by Austin Fernando .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , where many people live in like Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino people . One of the languages in Philippines is Arabic .
Andrews County Airport located in Texas , and serving the city of Andrews , has a runway length of 896 , and is 973 metres above sea level .
The operating organization for Agra Airport located in Agra , is the Indian Air Force .
English is spoken in the United States , where Washington DC is the capital . Abilene is located in the US and is part of Jones County in Texas .
Batak is an ethnic group in Sumatra .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory and has the epoch date 6 March 2006 and an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 . The measurement of the periapsis is 3997100000000 . 0 and the apoapsis 7715100000 kilometres .
Abilene Regional Airport has the runway name 17L / 35R .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania falls under the category of Contributing property .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia region of Colombia . It is made from lemons , genus citrus and family Rustaceae .
Ahmet Eregum is originally from Washington , D . C .
The city manager is the leader of Austin , Texas , in the United States . A country with many ethnic groups , one of which is African Americans .
Born in the U . K . , Alan Frew has a background as a solo singer .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
The rocket Antares is comparable to Delta II which was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The Mason School of Business is the tenant of the Alan B Miller Hall in the United States .
The runway name at Aarhus Airport is " 10R / 28L " .
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee . T . S . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of India .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC . Barack Obama is leader of the United States and African Americans are an ethnic group there .
Rhythm and Blues musician Ahmet Ertegun was a non performing artist .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia in the United States .
Alan Bean , who was picked by NASA in 1963 for the space program , was in space for a total of 100 , 305 minutes .
Aaron Hunt is in the youth club SV Weder Bremen and also plays for the clubs Hamburger SV and Goslarer SC 08 .
Adam Koc was born in Suwalki and battled in the Polish – Soviet War . That war was part of the Russian Civil War and Joseph Stalin was a commander there .
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer . It originates in the United Kingdom which is led by David Cameron .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music . The genre has its origins in Funk and has drum and bass as a derivative .
Luanda is located in Angola .
Canada , which is led by Elizabeth II and have an ethnic group of Asian Canadians , is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid .
Ab Klink worked at the Senate ( Netherlands ) .
Jones County , Texas is in the United States .
Minna born The Technical Institute , Kaduna graduate Abdulsalami Abubakar worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff , succeeding Olusegun Obasanjo .
Elliot See , who died in St . Louis , was selected by the NASA in 1962 .
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 and it was made by Lockheed Martin .
Anders Osborne ' s record label is Okeh Records .
Adam McQuaid plays for the Boston Bruins which are from Boston . His draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets , the general manager of which , is Jarmo Kekalainen .
O Canada is the national anthem of Canada which is led by Elizabeth II . Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the English language is spoken .
Abdulsalami Abubakar is from Nigeria .
Born in the United States , Abraham A . Ribicoff , was the Governor of Connecticut , and married to Casey Ribicoff .
American Abraham A . Ribicoff was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . He was the Governor of Connecticut and died in New York City .
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band . He played with the band Twilight , the musical genre of which , is Black metal . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Alternative rock player Andrew White records for London - based Polydor Records . New Wave helped give rise to Alternative Rock .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarcapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , 560090 , India . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Amarillo has an area of 233 . 9 sq km , a pop . density of 746 . 0 persons per sq km , is 1099 meters above sea level and an area code of 806 . Amarillo is located in Texas , within the United States .
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle , a building that was completed in 2009 .
Ruth Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A Ribicoff , who was born in New Britain , Connecticut , USA . African Americans are an ethnic group in the US .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . He is a Rear Admiral .
The campus of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . The are 700 postgraduate students at the Institute .
Agnes Kant was a national of the Netherlands ( led by Mark Rutte ) who resided in Doesburg . She worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib .
Alan Martin was born on 01 / 01 / 1989 and he played football for Accrington Stanley F . C . but he currently plays for the club Ayr United F . C .
Alberto Teisaire , a member of the Justicialist Party , was in office while Juan Perón was president and Hortensio Quijano was vice president .
Vermont ' s largest city is Burlington , Vermont and Alvah Sabin , member of the Whig Party , represented them . The leader of the Whig Party in the U . S . A . is Henry Clay .
The capital of the United States is Washington DC and this is where the President of the United States resides . Within the U . S , Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Ohio , is home to Akron which is located within Summit County .
The 1955 Dodge , which was also known as the Dodge Custom Royal , has a V8 engine and a hardtop .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons which play in the city of Atlanta . Houston is the home city of the Houston Texans , the team Akeem Dent used to play for .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan with a straight - four engine .
Cumberland County Pennsylvania is located in the north of Adams County Pennsylvania while Frederick County Maryland is southwest of Adams Count Pennsylvania . The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania which has Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast . .
Robert E . Lee was a commander in the Battle of Fredericksburg .
Austin , Texas covers 703 . 95 square kilometres , has a population density of 1296 . 65 people per square kilometres and uses 512 as its area code .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Trans . Inf . Syst .
Aaron Turner , of the Lotus Eaters , is an avant - garde metal musician .
Alan B . Miller Hall was completed on June 1st , 2009 in Williamsburg , Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary .
Alan Shepard is an American , who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . A . He was a test pilot , who was selected by NASA in 1959 . He died in California .
Aaron Deer is a performer of the music genre Indie rock .
William Anders was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8 .
Albert Jennings Fountain , a politician while Vice President Edmund J . Davis was in office , died in the United States .
Aarhus Airport runway length is 2776 . 0 .
Mike Mularkey is the coach for Tennessee Titans .
Akeem Priestley plays for Jacksonville Dolphins , Sheikh Russel KC and the Connecticut Huskies youth team .
A dish found in the Philippines is binignit which contains bananas .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , a country where Tamil is the language and one of the leaders is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is located in Wellington .
Grantville Gazette II was preceded by The Grantville Gazette .
Angola , Indiana , covers an area of 16 . 55 sq km and has a population density of 524 . 5 .
Cyril Ramaphosa is one of the leaders of South Africa .
The book , A Loyal Character Dancer , has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and The OCLC number is 49805501 . It was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and is in print .
Austin is a part of Hayes County in Texas which is a state of the United States .
American football player Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Nashville , Tennessee based team Tennessee Titans . He later played for the St Louis Rams , who play in St Louis and whose coach is Jeff Fisher .
The Alvis Speed 25 is classed as a full - size luxury car .
Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed . He was born in the German Empire and his doctoral student was Halton Arp .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , and from the Catalonia region , which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia .
Amapara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District , an Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka .
Colombian Bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , avocado .
The JP McManus owned Adare Manor was designed by the architect Lewis Nockalls Cottingham and was completed in 1862 .
Arem - arem uses the ingredient banana leaf .
Allen Forrest was born 1981 , born in Fort Campbell , KY and raised in Dothan , AL . Allen Forrest was a pop artist and is a solo singer .
Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Dean of The Acharya Institute of Technology which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum , and is located in the state of Karnataka , India .
Aarhus , which has a magistrate type of government is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which uses ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
Native Americans are the ethnic group in the United States , the birthplace of Abraham A . Ribicoff . He was married to Casey Ribicoff and died in New York .
Adam McQuaid weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms and was born on Prince Edward Island .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the club Al Shorta SC .
Jefferson Davis , was a commander in the American Civil War , the war in which Albert Jennings Fountain fought .
Arlington , Tarrant County , is in Texas in the U . S . Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County .
Richard J . Berry is the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Part of Colombian cuisine , the dish Bandeja paisa , is found in in the Antioquia Department . One of the ingredients in it , is avocado which has the genus Persea and is part of the Lauraceae family .
The ruler of the United Kingdom is Queen Elizabeth II .
Located in the community of Madrid , lies ENAIRE . ENAIRE operates an airport called The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport , which lies in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain .
The population density of Attica , Indiana , is 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for his club Maccabi Tel Aviv BC under their coach Zan Tabak .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , where the Acehnese people are an ethnic group . The dish is also found in Malaysia , where Malay people live .
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco , which comes from the Andalusia region , in Spain .
Akeem Adams has played for Ferencvarosi TC and for United Petrotrin F . C . whose ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome . Gabor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvarosi TC .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
Madison County is in Indiana , which is in the United States , .
Owen Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance are both novels written by John Cowper Powys .
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK .
The Dead Man ' s Plack , dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia , is located in England , where one of the languages spoken is Cornish ( in the Cornwall region ) .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956 . It has a V12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is known informally as Uab and the latin name is Universitas Apulensis . The recor is Breaz Valer Daniel .
The United States include the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is the location of Albany , part of Linn County , Oregon .
A . S . Roma ' s fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . They have 70634 members and their ground is located in Rome .
1101 Clematis , has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 Kilometers . Its epoch is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
The AMC Matador is a station wagon that has an AMC V8 engine and is considered a full - size car . It is alternatively known as the American Motors Matador and is assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
Serving the city of Alderney , Alderney Airport ' s 1st runway is made from Poaceae .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales . Patrick McLoughlin is one of the leaders of this region .
Austin is part of Williamson County , Texas , United States .
AC Cesena , whose ground is in Cesena , has 23900 members .
The French Language can be heard in New York .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organization of Atlantic City International airport . The runway ' s name is 13 / 31 and its length is 1873 feet .
Alan Martin played for Clyde F . C . whose home ground is Broadwood Stadium .
Michele Marcolini , who is in the Atalanta B . C . club , manages the A . C . Lumezzane .
Aaron Hunt ' s is in the youth club SV Weder Bremen .
101 Helena , which has the epoch date 31 December 2006 , has a mass of 3 kgs and an orbit of 1516 . 6700000000003 days . It ' s escape velocity is 0 . 0348 km per sec and the apoapsis measurement is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia where one of the local foods is asam pedas .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaijan . The official title of the leader of that country is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
Anderson is part of Madison County , Indiana in the United States . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , has 700 postgraduate students , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in the year 2000 .
Albert B White , who died at Parkersburg , West Virginia , was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music and has Kissing Spell Records as her record label . She was once signed to Fruits de Mer Records .
107 Camilla was discovered by C . Woods and its epoch was on the 31 December 2006 .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which is from the country of Java and also the region of Singapore .
The celestial body known as 1099 Figneria has a temperature of 156 kelvins .
AS Gubbio 1910 competed in the 2014 season , they have 5300 members .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas . The airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KABI . It is L / situated meters above sea level . The runway - 17L / 35R , has a total length of 1 , 121 .
Akeem Ayers debuted with Nachville ' s , Tennessee Titans and played with the Los Angeles Rams in L . A .
Alkmaar Zaanstreek ( abbreviated to AZ Alkmaar ) has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
The AMC Matador , available in a 1974 model , is related to the AMC Ambassador . The assembly line on the AMC Matador is in Port Melbourne , Victoria .
Pietro Grasso leads Italy , a country where Italian is the spoken language . Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas , where one of the languages used is Spanish .
Bionico , containing condensed milk , is a dish served for dessert .
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 . It has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 kilometres per second .
St Vincent - St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault and is located in United States .
Thr Antares rocket was launched at the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport and has its final flight on July 13 2014 .
Basko is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the Leader .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov is 99 . 83 long .
Auburn is part of Lee County ( county seat Opelika ) , Alabama , in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Texas town of Arlington is part of Tarrant County , where the capital is Forth Worth , USA .
The United States is a country where the ALV X - 1 originated , has a leader known as the President and the capital city of Washington DC . The inhabitants are called Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans .
410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs . It ' s orbital period is 39447000 . 0 and its periapsis is 88234300000 . 0 .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and English is spoken . A political leader there is Paul Ryan and Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the country .
Abel Hernandez is in the Uruguay Olympic football team but his club is Penarol managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva .
31 December 2006 is the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 , which has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and a mass of 5 . 6kg .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States , whose leader is Frank G Jackson , and the Cleveland City Council is the governing body .
Flanders is the jurisdiction of the Flemish Government .
Randall County in Texas is located within the United States .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 .
The Asser Levy Public baths are located in New York City ( part of New Netherland ) US .
Variations of Amatriciana sauce includes onion , garlic , black pepper , and chili .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore , its country is Java , where there is a ethnic group called The Javanese .
Sausage in an ingredient in bacon explosion .
107 Camilla , which was discovered by M Gaffey , has the epoch 31 December 2006 .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup in Denmark . Tirstrup is part of Central Denmark . The people of that country are Danes .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines . The country include the llocano people , Chinese Filipino and Arabic is spoken there .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s ethic group is the Germans of Romania ; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its anthem is Desteapta - te , romane !
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . There are 737 academic staff and 16000 students and it is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvárosi TC .
108 St . Georges Terrace is located in Perth , Australia .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
1001 Gaussia is an asteroid with an orbital period of 5 . 75 days and has the former name of 1911 MD . It has the epoch date of 31 July 2016 and a periapsis measurement of 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to Odeon Records .
The ALV X - 1 is 1 . 524 metres in diameter , originated in the United States , and was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The alma mater of Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was born in Niger State , was the Technical Institute , Kaduna .
Gruppo Bertone is located in the city of Turin .
New Zealand ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae . This plant is in the class Monocotyledon , belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids .
President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located .
Auburn can be found in the state of Washington , where the capital is Olympia .
Allama Iqbal International Airport , located in Pakistan , has a runway length of 3360 . 12 and is named 18L / 36R .
Atlanta is part of DelKalb County ( largest city is Dunwoody ) , Georgia , United States .
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab , Pakistan , where the leader is Shehbaz Sharif .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , who comes from Canada .
The wrecked Alhambra ship has a 18 . 52 km / h top speed , an 8 . 3m ship beam and is 63800 . 0mm long .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and it ' s leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah .
The largest city in Hays County , Texas is San Marcos .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States . The previous president there was Barack Obama and the capital is Washington , D . C . One ethnic group there is African American .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 103 Hera , died in Madison , Wisconsin .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras . The capital city is Athens and the language spoken in the country is Greek .
Arrabbiata sauce has basil as a variation .
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte . She was a resident of Doesburg and a member of the Socialist Party led by Emile Roemer .
In Akron , Ohio , the Akron Summit Assault organization is located inside the St . Vincent - St . Mary High School .
During the Gulf war , both Adam Holloway and John Major took part .
Part of Colombian cuisine and found in the Antioquia Department , Bandeja paisa ' s main ingredients is Pork belly .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press , in the United States , where some Native Americans live .
AMC Matador is assembled in Thames , New Zealand and is available in a 1974 model .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is an English language book from the United States which Joe Biden is a leader of . White Americans are an ethnic group there .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is VIAG . The airport is operated by the AIrports Authority of India .
The English speaking United States has its capital in Washington D . C . , is home to Native Americans and is the origin of the Atlas II .
Albennie Jones is a rhythm and blues ( originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative ) artist .
The Latin name for the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University , which is affiliated with the European University Association , is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " .
31 December 2006 is the epoch of 110 Lydia which has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 . Additionally , it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 kilometres per second and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and among its carriers the Lockheed AC - 130 can be found . The US Air Force fought battles in the Korean War and was involved in the invasion of Panama too .
83646315 is the LCCN number for Acta Mathematica Hungarica and the ISSN number is 1588 - 2632 . Its bbreviation is " Acta Math . Hungar . " and its discipline is Math .
Albert B . White was born 22nd September 1856 .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where they speak English and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka , whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Lemon is from the genus citrus .
The Alvis Speed 25 has a 31 . 48 tax horsepower engine .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand is located 34 metres above sea level . The 3rd runway is made of poaceae , and the runway name is 03L / 21R with a length of 518 . 0 .
Akeem Adams belongs to United Ptrotrin FC based in Palo Seco and also Ferencvarosi TC whose manager is Thomas Doll .
Previous clubs of the footballer Abner include Real Madrid Castilla and CD FAS .
Akron , Ohio is led by Dan Horrigan .
US national Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas on March 15th 1932 . After being awarded a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas , Austin in 1955 , he became a test pilot for NASA and enjoyed 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
The Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , where English is spoken and where Albuquerque is located . New Mexico is where you will find Albuquerque , the city which is governed by the New Mexico Senate where the leader is John Sanchez .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and worked as a test pilot . He joined NASA in 1962 . See died in St . Louis .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and is the editor of AIP Advances published by the American Institute of Physics . His alma mater is Harvard University .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Franklin County to its west , Cumberland County to its north , and Carroll County Maryland to its southeast .
Albany , Georgia , in Dougherty County , is in the United States where the people are known as Americans and among the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
William M O Dawson whose birthplace was Bloomington Maryland was the successor to Albert B White who died in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma are related means of transport in that they are all cars .
Alan Martin played for the Scotland national under 21 football team and also Motherwell Football Club whose homeground is Fir Park .
Akeem Ayers ' current team is " Los Angeles Rams " .
Accrington Stanley F . C . played in Accrington .
The Antares rocket is a medium expendable launch system built by Orbital ATK and launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion , part of Gran Asunción , in Paraguay . The country which is led by Juan Afara and where the ethnic group . are the Mestizo people .
Ballistic is a fictional comic superhero who is sometimes known as Kelvin Mao .
Adam Koc is a national of Poland , where the Kashubian language is spoken .
17L / 35R is the runway name of Abilene Regional Airport .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup which is in Denmark where one of the languages spoken is Greenlandic .
Established in 1996 , the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has 600 students . The country ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland Johann Schneider - Ammann and the national anthem is the Swiss Palm .
200 Public Square completed in 1985 has 45 floors and is located in the U . S .
The printed book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and an OCLC number of 78771100 .
Al Anderson is a singer in the band NRBQ and is a performer of rock music , which originated from country music . Bhangra music is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from rock music .
The Ariane 5 was launched from the Guiana Space Centre and its final flight was on the 18th December 2009 . Its manufacturer was Arianespace .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office manufactured Antares rocket made its maiden flight on April 21st 2013 and its final flight was on the 28th October 2014 . It is 3 . 9 m in diameter and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority whose chief is Stephen Dilts .
Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader of Malaysia where Chinese people form an ethnic group and Asam Pedas is a traditional food .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was authored by Virginia DeMarce and has a ISBN number of 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Akeem Priestley played for club RoPS .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense the Brazilian football team play their matches in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C , they played in the 2015 . The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C .
An ingredient of arrabbiata sauce , which can be found in Italy , is garlic .
A Long Long Way , available in hardcover , has 292 pages . The OCLC number of the work is 57392246 and has an ISBN number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
U . S . Citta di Palermo play in Serie A .
Aenir , ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 has 233 pages .
Michele Marcolini manages the A . C . Lumezzane and plays for both A . C . Chievo Verona and Torino F . C .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , born in Miri , Malaysia , was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC .
Dead Man ' s Plack , which is located in England is dedicated to Ethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . England is also home of the Cornish language which is still spoken .
Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece , where Athens is the capital , Greek is spoken and where A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located .
The current club of Adam Maher is PSV Eindhoven .
Born in Ridgewood , Queens , Abner W . Sibal ; a member of the Republican party of the United States , was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , and was succeeded by , Marjorie Farmer .
The celestail body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone was discovered by Nikolai Chernykh and has the epoch date 26 November 2005 . It has an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres , an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and an average speed of 18 . 29 kmps .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia , led by Carles Puigdmont , in Spain , where Spaniards live and whose leader is Felipe VI .
Aaron Hunt plays for the Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg where Dieter Hecking is the manager . He also plays for SV Werder Bremen II .
The Alhambra is 63 . 8m long and has its maiden voyage on 7th July 1855 .
Airey Neave , whose career ended on 30 March 1979 , fought in World War II and was awarded the Territorial Decoration .
AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " .
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F . C and now plays for Hamilton Academical F . C .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County ( Atlanta is the county seat ) , in Georgia , in the United States .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S , where one of the ethnic groups is the African Americans .
Poaceae is of the order Poales .
Aaron Hunt is in the German national youth football team .
Airey Neave , who fought in the Battle of France , was born in Knightsbridge , London .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland . It is owned by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of historic districts in the US .
With an epoch date of June 27th , 2015 , 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres , and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta Georgia and plays for the Houston Texans club .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C . and also the Portugal national football team .
Alaa Abdul Zahra is a forward for Al Shorta SC .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama in the U . S . An ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
Antwerp International Airport operation organization is Flemish department of mobility and public works .
Al - Khor Sports Club ' s position is in the Qatar Stars League .
Bacon Explosion is from Kansas City , USA . The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
The Azerbijan leader is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan and it has a legislature called the Azerbaijan National Assembly . Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan . In Baku is a Martyrs Memorial dedicated to the soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . The Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have 17000 members and were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand ' s 3rd runway length in feet is 1960 .
In the U . S . , where the capital is Washington D . C . , you ' ll find Albany in Benton County , Oregon and Asian Americans .
Asam peda is a dish from Sumatra where the Acehnese people are an ethnic group . it is also found in Malaysia where the Malays are an ethnic group .
Edwin E Aldrin Jr ( more usually known as Buzz ) was born on 20 January 1930 . He graduated from MIT ScD in 1963 . Following this he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Alligator Records are associated with the Blues .
1101 Clematis , with an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kmps , has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala state .
AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece , Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the team .
10 Hygiea is an asteroid with the epoch date of 27 June 2015 and an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec . The orbital period is 5 . 57 days and the periapsis measurement is 416136000000 . 0 .
The epoch of 1089 Tama is 2005 - 11 - 26 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
Based in the city of St Louis , the St Louis Rams are a former team of Akeem Ayers .
Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
The manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 , which is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 , is the Aston Martin . The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the leader , and was succeeded by The Aston Martin Virage .
Abel Hernandez , who played youth football for Central Español , is now with the club is Penarol . This club plays in the Uruguayan Primera División and is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
Deram Records is a pop music record label .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy , where Italians are from , and the capital is Rome . It is also where Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders .
Cornell University , in Ithaca , New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
George Kapitan created the comic character Airman whose alter ego is Drake Stevens .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician and plays electric guitar for the Mamiffer . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
The population density in Angola , Indiana , is 524 . 5 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , was born in Miri , Malaysia and resides in Kuching .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for Steel Azin F . C . which play in the Iran Football ' s 3rd Division . Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Zawra ' a SC which is managed by , Basim Qasim .
103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
Japanese occupied British Borneo was the birthplace of Adenan Satem , who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud . Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide .
The Colombian cuisine dish of bandeja paisa which includes rice can be found in the Antioquia Department .
Albany , Oregon is in the U . S . where African Americans are an ethic group and english is spoken .
Two types of dessert are Sandesh and Binignit . The latter has sweet potato as a main ingredient .
Abradab performs hip hop music , which has its origins in Jazz .
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi .
Honda makes the Acura TLX .
AIP Advances has the impact factor 1 . 524 , .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press who published A Long Long Way . The book is written in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture . Ireland is a country where one of the ethnic groups are the white people .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al - Khor Sports Club .
The American Buzz Aldrin is now retired .
Rhythm and blues musician Ahmet Ertegun also goes by the name A . Nugetre . Disco is derived from rhythm and blues , which is derived from blues .
The runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is called " 03R / 21L " . It is 1411 in length and 34 meters above sea level . The third runway there is made of Poaceae .
The food bhajis originate from India and specifically in the Karnataka region where a leader is Vajubnai Vala .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where Barack Obama is the president . A Severed Wasp originates from there and is written in English .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music and recorded on the record label , Static Caravan Recordings .
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and was a member of the US Army which fought in the American Civil War . He was a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow , whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena . He later played for FC Tom Tomsk .
Aleksandra Kovač was born in 1972 , in Serbia . She is a solo singer whose musical genre is Pop . Disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music and therefore can be considered a fusion genre .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan located in the United States . The capital of Michigan is Lansing and Arabic is a language found there .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States , and has 60 floors . Chicago is led by Rahm Emanuel .
Binignit includes the ingredients sweet potato and sago . The dish originates from the Visayas region of the Philippines .
Akron , Ohio has 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square km , it is 161 . 54 square kilometres , 306 . 0 above sea level , there is . 99 square km of water and the area codes are 234 and 330 .
Akeem Ayers ' former team was the Los Angeles Rams and his draft round was 2 .
The capital of England is London .
10L / 28R is the runway name of the Aarhus Airport .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in an Italian meal .
Caterpillar Inc was founded in California and they power AIDAluna . Caterpillar Inc was founded in California and AIDA Cruises , the owner of AIDAluna , is located in Germany .
At an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Madrid ( part of the Madrid community ) , in Spain .
Once manager of A D Isidro Metapán , Jorge Humberto Rodriguez , plays for the El Salvador national football team .
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " and the title of the chairman is " President " . The club has 17000 members and played in 2015 .
The band Suburban Legends play rock music .
Rene Goscinny is a French national .
Aurakles is a fictional character created by American national Dick Dillin .
Biniignit from the Phillippines is made with sweet potatoes .
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod BC of the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ and once also played with The WIldweeds .
The Russian language is spoken in Russia .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Airey Neave dies at Westminster Hospital , London .
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asuncion , part of Gran Asunción . The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara , and the language is Spanish .
Anderson is located in Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq , the airbase has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
Anaheim is in California in the U . S .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and built by Montreal Locomotive Works .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who has Okeh records for his label .
The company Populous were the architects who designed the 3Arena .
Ajax Youth Academy and Jong Ajax are tenants of Sportpark De Toekomst . It is owned by AFC Ajax NV and is the homeground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with musician Ciro Pérez .
Cornell University , nickname Cornell Big Red , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . The University is located in the city of Ithaca , New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti and has the capacity for a crowd of 5300 .
Anders Osborne earns a living as a singer .
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan , Alabama . He has a background as a solo singer and his music genre is acoustic .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who used to be at Varese Calcio S . S . D .
Popular in the U . K . , the bacon sandwich ( the main ingredient of which is bacon ) , has different names including : Bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York .
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
Aleksandr Prudnikov once played for FC Spartak Moscow on their home field at Otkrytiye Arena . Prudnikov now plays for FC Terek Grozny , a team managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is from Argentina and was built by Cammell Laird .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in the capital city Baku in Azerbaijan where its leader is Artur Rasizade .
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the name of the leader in Buenos Aires .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and died in New Mexico Territory , USA .
Alfred N Phillips worked at the United States House of Representatives .
Appleton International Airport is located in and serves the city of Appleton , Greenville , Grand Chute which is is part of Dale in the American state of Wisconsin .
The Atlas II originated from the United States , whose capital is Washington DC , and whose ethnic groups include African Americans .
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the rupee and the leader is either Sumitra Mahajan and / or T . S . Thakur .
Walter Baade was born in Preubisch Oldendorf and he discovered the 1036 Ganymed .
Austin is part of the state of Texas where Houston is the largest city .
The runway at Amsterdam Sciphol Airport is called 18R / 36L Polderbaan .
Alvah Sabin ' s state is Vermont where the largest city is Burlington . He started active service on 1853 - 03 - 04 and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District .
Ajoblanco ( Ajo blanco ) includes almonds , bread , garlic , water and olive oil , is found in Andalusia and originates from Spain .
Vermont ( largest city : Burlington ) born Alvah Sabin started active duty 03 / 04 / 1853 . He died in Sycamore , Dekalb County , Illinois .
AS Roma play in the Serie A league and have a ground in Rome .
A T Charlie Johnson , an American , is the editor of AIP Advances and is doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham .
Rock music has its stylistic origins in the Blues and from country music and Alan Frew play this genre too .
Jean - Michel Aulas owns the Olympique Lyonnais FC out of the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium , where Aleksandre Gurul is a member . Aleksandre Guruli also played for the FC Dinamo Batumi of which Levan Khomeriki is the manager .
President Barack Obama leads the United States which is inhabited by Americans . These include the ethnic group of Native Americans . The country is the origin of the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
Previous champions of the Serie B league are Carpi FC 1909 . AC Cesena , who also play in the league have a ground in Cesena and 23900 members .
The total area of Amarillo Texas is 233 . 9 SqKm and there are 746 people per square km .
St Vincent - St Mary High School , Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines , where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are among the languages spoken , and the Zamboangans and IIocano people are ethnic groups .
A T Charlie Johnson ' s doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham .
The British NR Pogson ( born Nottingham died Chennai ) discovered 107 Camilla on 1 March 2001 .
Eric Flint , influenced by Robert A . Heinlein , wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . It is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III .
Albany , Oregon is in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethic groups .
Alan Martin is a footballer for Aldershot Town FC .
The musical genre of Christian Burns is house music .
A varient of amatriciana sauce contains onion , garlic , black pepper and chilli .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy .
French speaking France , led by Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls , is the home of Baked Alaska . Baked Alaska is also known to come from New York .
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia .
The language spoken in the United Kingdom , inhabited by British people , is English and the leader is Elizabeth II . The AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 16 , 000 students and its dean is Thomas Pallesen . It is affiliated to the European University Association .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President , had the deputy , Stephen Yong Kuet Tze and succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud .
AIDAluna , which is powered by Caterpillar Inc . is located in Peoria , Illinois .
The novel Into Battle followed Above the Veil .
William Anders , who is now retired , was born in British Hong Kong . He was a fighter pilot , who joined NASA in 1963 , and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 .
American Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was hired by NASA in 1959 to be part of the Apollo 14 program . He was born in New Hampshire , graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 and died in California .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , in Greece where two of the leaders are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Nikos Voutsis .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC and also Al - Khor Sports Club located in Al - Khor .
Allan Shivers , was Lieutenant Governor of Texas , and his successor was Ben Ramsey .
Adam Holloway fought in the Gulf War where John Major was a commander .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The Prime Minister is named Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române ! .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States , is part of the Summit County and has Dan Horrigan as a leader . Akron is also home to St Vincent - St Mary High School which is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
A bacon sandwich , also known as a BLT , is popular in the UK and can contain the ingredient brown sauce .
The Antares rocket ( with a diameter of 3 . 9m ) was manufactured by Orbital ATK . It was first launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on January 9 , 2014 , and had its final flight on October 28 , 2014 .
Ahmet Ertegun ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
Halimah Yacob is a leader of Singapore where English is spoken . Beef kway teow is a dish served in Singapore and in the region of Indonesia .
The A - Rosa Luna , built by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde has a 1850 ton displacement and length of 125800 . 0 mm .
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who operate Atlantic City International airport located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey .
A . F . C . Fylde ' s ground is in Warton , Fylde , Lancashire .
English is the language of the United States , where you will find the town of Akron , Ohio and where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . located in the United States . The company provide the engine for the AIDAluna owned by AIDA Cruises .
Alan Bean received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 .
Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , has been manager of AC Lumezzane , owns Torino F . C . and played for Vicenza Calcio .
Attica is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style and a straight - four engine .
The architecture style of Adisham Hall , located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , is Tudor and Jacabia . building of it began in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . Is originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the African Americans an ethnic group .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is VfL Wolfsburg . He also played for SV Werder Bremen II and the SV Werder Bremen youth team .
Connecticut born Abraham A Ribicoff was married to Ruth Ribicoff and was from the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India was established in 2001 , it is located southeast of Mahe .
Alessio Romagnoli , who was born in Anzio , played for the Italy national under 16 football team and is connected to UC Sampdoria .
Bhajii ( also know as Bhaji or bajji ) includes the ingredient vegetables and is from India .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F . C . club whose ground is Palo Seco .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
Andra is a solo singer who sings dance pop .
The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University based in the United States .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio ' s dean is Mario Botta .
Electric guitar player , Aaron Turner , played for the Greymachine band . Aaron Turner is a musician of Black metal which can be fused to result in Death metal .
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe González was Prime Minister .
Antioch , California has the postal codes of 94509 and 94531 and the area code 925 . It has a total area of 75 . 324 sq km .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece whose leader is Alexis Tsipras and spoken language is Greek .
Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style , and it is located in Haputale .
The United States is the residence of A T Charlie Johnson , editor of AIP Advances , who has Harvard University for an Alma mater .
Alex Day was born in Hornchurch , in the U . K .
American test pilot Elliot See studied at the University of Texas in Austin . He was born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 and died in St . Louis .
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has a temperature of 155 kelvins and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 Kilometers .
Baked Alaska is from the country of France but it is also well known in Hong Kong where Chinese is spoken . Manuel Valls is a leader in France .
Aaron Turner ' s genre is post - metal in which the instrument is Cello . He performs for Mamif and played with the band Twilight .
The Apollo 8 is operated by Nasa , its commander was Frank Borman , its backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin and it was crewed by William Anders . William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . and retired Sept 1st 1969 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) is published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences . The ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0567 - 7920 and 60040714 , respectively .
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is ' ' Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault and they are managed by Denzil Antonio . The club played in the 2011 season and has 3000 members .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Randall County in the U . S .
Irish people inhabit the Republic of Ireland .
A . F . C . Fylde are based at Bryning Lane .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where the euro is used .
AIP Advances , published by the American Institute of Physics is edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson , who went to Harvard University and lives in the US .
11364 Claudiomaccone ' s orbital period is 1513 . 722 days , its apoapsis is 475426000 kilometers , its average speed is 18 . 29 kilometers / s , and its epoch is on the 26th of November , 2005 .
A Long Long Way , OCLC # 57392246 , is 292 pages and published in Print & Paperback .
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) , which is called " 03R / 21L " , is made of Poaceae .
Dan Quinn , an American football coach , coaches the Atlanta Falcons which is the former team of Akeem Dent .
The leader of Austin , Texas is called the Mayor .
Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana is located within the United States .
Anaheim is part of Orange County , California . The U . S . House of Representatives leads Anaheim .
Malays and the Malaysian chinese are both ethnic groups from Malaysia , a country led by Abdul Halim of Kedah . Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia . It comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula .
Spanish is one of the languages used in Texas , where the capital is Austin and Houston is the largest city . Arlington can also be found in Texas .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and played for FC Torpedo Moscow .
Antonis Samaras has the deputy Evangelos Venizelos .
Akeem Dent made his debut for the Atlanta based team the Atlanta Falcons which is owned by Arthur Blank . He later played for the Houston Texans , who play in Texas .
A . F . C . Fylde play in National League North .
The Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County , Maryland .
Agnes Ward White was the spouse of Albert B . White , who worked as the Governor of West Virginia . He started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on , March 4th , 1905 . The successor to Albert B . White was William M . O . Dawson .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for AS Roma and also for the Italian national under 17 football team coached by Alessandro Dal Canto .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce of Italy , where the capital is Rome and a key leader is Laura Boldrini .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , where Queen Elizabeth II reigns .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , chosen by NASA in 1959 and was born on the 18th of November 1923 .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there . John Sánchez , is one of the leaders , in the New Mexico Senate which is leading the state .
A severed Wasp , a 388 - page book , was published in hardback .
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovac was born 1972 in Yugoslavia .
An ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans and people who live there are known as Americans . Akron , Summit County , is in Ohio in the U . S .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Attica , Indiana is located .
AIDA Cruise line operated the AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Werfy in Papenburg .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which has its origins in Disco .
Alpharetta , Georgia is in the U . S .
Ab Klink of Netherlands was a student at Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . Netherlands uses the Euro as its currency .
The address of Adisham Hall is , St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputhale , Sri Lanka . Construction of the building , which has the architectural style ' Tudor Revival ' , commenced in 1927 and was completed in 1931 .
The owner of 3Arena , located at North Wall , Dublin , is Live Nation Entertainment .
Abilene Regional airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 and is named 17L / 35R . The airport serves Abilene in Texas , has the ICAO location identifier of KABI and is 546 metres above sea level .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , in the United States . In Texas ; of the languages spoken is Spanish . Austin is the capital , and a Tejano is a demonym term used .
Part of both DeKalb County , and Fulton County , in Georgia , Atlanta , is located in the United States .
Buzz Aldrin is originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . Buzz then went on to join NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 11 .
St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , located in Akron , Ohio ; Summit County , is home to Akron Summit Assault .
The United States Army was involved in the Operation Enduring Freedom battle .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the capital is Athens and the leader is Nikos Voutsis .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion . John Roberts is the leader of the United States and the capital is Washington D . C . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
Ahmet Davutoglu is a leader of Turkey . The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey , made of Bronze and designed by Pietro Canonica .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2 . 0 gm per cu cm .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region where the leader is Tony Tan .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in 2000 in the city of Bangalore in India . The institute has 700 postgraduate students and the president is B . M . Reddy . It also has strong connections with the Technological University .
The B postcode area is the postal code of Birmingham which is led by the Conservative Party ( UK ) . The city is the birthplace of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Akeem Ayers was born in 1989 and made his debut with the Tennessee Titans and has also played for the New England Patriots .
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane is in print and has an OCLC number of 318875313 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , in Austria .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat , is called Turkmenistan Airlines . The airport is 211 metres above sea level and the runway length is 900 metres .
The comic character Bolt , or otherwise known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by both Gary Cohn and U . S national Paris Cullins .
The binignit dish can be found in the Visayas region , Philippines . It includes sago and coconut milk .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in Belgium , where French is the spoken language . The leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the US , where English is spoken and where Barack Obama is the leader . Albuquerque , New Mexico , led by Albuquerque City Council , is located in the United States .
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark , where Aarhus Airport in Tirstrup is located in the Central Denmark region .
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London ( whose leader is the European Parliament ) .
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion which is part of Gran Asuncion .
English is a language used in the US , where Native Americans are an ethnic group . The United States is home to Angola , which is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana .
Bob McNair is the owner of the Houston Texans , based in the city of Houston and a former club of Akeem Dent . Atlanta Falcons , who play in the city of Atlanta , is where Dent made his debut .
one of the ethnic groups of the Philippines is the Igorot people .
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
Many Asian Americans live in the United States , the country where English is the language and where ' A Fortress of Grey Ice ' is from .
Ashgabat International Airport is located Ashgabat and is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 . It has a runway named 12R / 30L .
The Acura TLX is a front wheel drive vehicle .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in Jazz . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music .
Alan Martin plays football for Accrington Stanley F . C . , having previously played for Motherwell F . C . whose home ground is Fir Park .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , part of Akita Prefecture .
While BLT is a variation of club sandwich , the Bacon sandwich ( which can include condiments in the ingredients ) , is a variation of BLT .
St Louis is part of Spain .
Switzerland has a leader called Johann Schneider Ammann .
Ajoblanco includes Almonds which are part of the Rosaceae family and of the Rosids and Rosales orders .
Greek - born Adonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras , who succeeded Konstantinos Mitsotakis , was Prime Minister .
The tennis sport is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and played for the Italy national under - 16 football team but currently plays for A . S . Roma .
A . D . Isidro Metapan ' s manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez whose club is Alianza F . C .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and got his M . A . in 1957 at NWC and retired on August 1st , 1974 .
Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen .
Allen Forrest performs Hip Hop music and drum and bass are a derivative of Hip hop music .
Bhajji comes from the country India , where Narendra Modi is the leader .
Acharya Institute of Technology , which is in the state of Karnataka , is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgium . The school was given its Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . To the west of Karnataka is the Arabian Sea .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India which has 700 postgraduate students is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Canadian Alan Frew is a rock musician . Rock is the influence on bhangra and finds its origins in the Blues . French is a language of Canada .
AFC Blackpool have their ground in Blackpool where the leader of the council is Labour . Stuart Parker , who has played at Drogheda United FC and KV Mechelen , has been manager of AFC Blackpool .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 . It has a periapsis of 34920600000 and an apoapsis of 605718000 . 0 kms .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , which is part of the community in Madrid , Spain . The airport is elevated 610 meters above sea level and it has a runway which measures 3 , 500 .
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Alligator Records which associated with the Blues .
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor , India in the state of Kerala .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Iraq national under - 20 football team .
The French language is spoken in Canada which is the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg , where one of the commanders was Robert E . Lee .
Rhythm and blues singer Allen Forrest was born 1981 in Fort Campbell , Kentucky and lived in Dothan , Alabama .
Alfred Worden was a backup pilot of Apollo 12 ( commanded by David Scott ) with Alan Bean as a test pilot and crew member . Alan Bean who was born on March 15 , 1932 is now retired from Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA .
The Antares ( rocket ) is manufactured by Orbital ATK .
Philippine English is the language spoken in the Philippines .
Rock music originated from blues music .
Ajoblanco , originating from the country of Spain , has almonds as one of its ingredients .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . C . Milan .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for both Al - Merrikh SC and Al Kharaitiyat SC . Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC the ground of which , is Al Khor .
The English speaking United States , led by The President and with its capital at Washington D . C . , is home to Native Americans and the Atlas II .
Country music guitar player AI Anderson is part of the band NRBQ .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician signed to Fruits De Mer Records and formerly Deram Records in London . Funk is derived from jazz .
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and located in Icolo e Bengo . The runway is called " 05L / 23R " and has a length of 4000 feet .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who is 185cm in height and was born on 24 February 1989 , plays for both FC Tom Tomsk and FC Kuban Krasnodar .
The USAF was involved in the Invasion of Panama .
The Antares rockets maiden flight was on the 09th January 2014 and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 . It was manufactured by Orbital ATK and was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) was at Drogheda United FC .
The fullname of A . C . Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA .
Beek kway teos includes : kway teow , beef tenderloin , gula Melaka , black beans , garlic , oyster , soya and soy sauce , lengkuas , chili and sesame oil . It is found in Singapore .
The Airbus Defence and Space are the manufacturers of the Ariane 5 which was launched at ELA - 3 and had its final flight on , 27th September , 2003 .
Aaron turned played with Twilight and House of Low Culture .
The Journal Addiction was published by Wiley - Blackwell ( parent company John Wiley & Sons ) and has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 .
Abel Hernandez ' s birthplace is Pando , Uruguay .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school has 700 post graduate students and its motto is Nurturing Excellence . Its full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow and Aleksandr Prudnikov played for their youth team . He has also played for FC Terek Grozny ( managed by Rashid Rakhimov ) and FC Alania Vladikavkaz .
Aenir has a total of 233 pages .
Aenir written by Garth Nix was produced in print has an OCLC number of 45344811 and an ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 , is located at Colmore Row and has 23 floors .
Honda is the manufacturer of the Honda Accord .
John Buscema has won the Inkpot Award .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is in the league , EPSTH 2nd GROUP .
Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico .
Alan Martin plays for the Scottish under 19 football team coached by Scot Gemmill .
Paulo Sousa is attached to the club Inter Milan .
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia where English is the spoken language . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by American Locomotive Company , has a V12 engine , a diesel - electric transmission and is 17068 . 8mm .
Chorizo is an ingredient in the Colombian dish of Bandeja paisa that originates in the Paisa region .
Anaheim is part of California , where some parts speak Chinese and the leader is Tom Tait . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim and is in the United States .
1101 Clematis , which is a celestial body , has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 Kilometers and an average speed of 16 . 54 k . p . s .
Airey Neave ; was born in Knightsbridge , began his career on March 4th 1974 , fought in World War II , and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans , who are based in Nashville , Tennessee . Another team he played for were the American Football team , St . Louis Rams , who are based in the city of St . Louis .
Alan Bean was an American born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where he performed as a test pilot on Apollo 12 which is operated by NASA .
Andrew Rayel is a Trance music performer associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan ( associated with John Digweed ) , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . Trance music has its stylistic origins in pop music .
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajj , originates from the Karnataka region of India . It is usually made up of vegetables and gram flour .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Greene Maine .
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Born in Manchester , England , Alfred Garth Jones died in 1914 , in Sidcup , London .
Auburn , located in King County , Washington ( state ) , USA , has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
Bolt was created by Ernie Colon and Paris Cullins who is an American .
Mauricio Macri is a leader in Argentina .
Baked Alaska comes from the country of France .
Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F . C . , which play in Accrington . He is a footballer for the Crewe Alexandra FC which is managed by Steve Davis .
Akeem Priestley is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club where the manager is , Oliver Wyss . Akeem Priestley plays for Jacksonville Dolphins , the club play at the John Sessions Stadium .
103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham , England , it was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors .
The comic character Asterix ( also known as Astérix ) , was created by Rene Goscinny .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in and resides in the Kingdom of Sarawak , is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . which was founded in California , United States . It is currently located at Peoria , Illinois and powers the AIDAluna .
Aaron Deer comes from Indianapolis , Indiana .
Guitarist Al Anderson is a rock musician and member of NRBQ . Bhangra is a fusion of rock .
Christian Burns performs pop music .
The Chinese language is spoken in California which is the location of Antioch . The city is part of Contra Costa County and is led by the United States House of Represenatives ( part of the United States Congress ) .
In the United States , English is the spoken language . New Mexico , is located in the United States and is led by the New Mexico Senate and John Sanchez . Alberquerque is located in New Mexico and one ethnic group is African American .
The bakewell tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire , it uses fruit preserves ( jam ) .
The language spoken in the Philippines is Philippine Spanish .
Auburn is part of King County and Pierce County in Washington , United States . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C and New York City is the largest city .
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who is in the Real Zaragoza club .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense are managed by Vica and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is located in Brazil . Previous champions of this league have been Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns , an exponent of House music .
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which is a food found in Andalusia , in Spain .
The Atlas II originated from the United States , the capital of which , is Washington , D . C . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States , where the inhabitants are called Americans . The leader of the United States has the title President of the United States .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . However , the book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader . Some of the inhabitants of the US are the white Americans .
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which is published by The Bodley Head .
Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico , and has a land area of 486 . 2 square kilometers . The total area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres . This city , has a population density of 1142 . 3 people per square kilometers and the area codes are , 505 and 575 .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Press which has the parent company of Penguin Random House . The book was followed by The Secret Scripture .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in the state of Georgia in the United States .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra is in the Al - Khor Sports Club which is located in Al - Khor . Alaa Abdul Zahra also plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC , the manager of which , is Amar Osim .
The American Journal of Mathematics has an ISSN number 1080 - 6377 .
Aaron Bertram has a background with a non vocal instrument .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico . He fought in the American Civil War . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the same war .
Alan Bean ( born on March 15 , 1932 ) was chosen by NASA in 1963 to be crew member of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden as a backup pilot . The operator of Apollo 12 was NASA under command of David Scott .
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron where the home ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown , New York , in the United States .
Abner W . Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in WWII . He ended his military career January 3 , 1965 . Chiang Kai - shek was a commander in WWII .
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv . ) was edited by Vicent H . Crespi , Bernard S . Gerstman , A . T . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka , Enge G . Wang and has the CODEN code of AAIDBI .
The solo singer Alan Frew is a performer of rock music , who ' s stylistics originated from folk music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Ab Klink worked as a member of the senate . He was born in Stellendam and studied at the Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band .
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien , Connecticut and was a member of the United States Democratic Party . He worked at the United States House of Representatives where he was succeeded by Albert E Austin .
Adams County , Pennsylvania has Cumberland County , Pennsylvania to its north .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar , Brom also plays for De Graafschap .
Agra airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force . The country ' s leader is Narendra Modi and the airforce uses Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircrafts .
The Alvis Speed 25 is classed as a Full - size car with a wheelbase of 127 inches and an engine capable of producing 31 . 48 tax horsepower . It has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
Hogao is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
The Honda Accord is related to the Acura TLX which is made by Honda which has an Acura division .
Chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in Bionico . This is a dish which is served as a dessert and comes from the Jalisco region in Mexico .
Born in Ponteareas , Abel Caballero , is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Abradab performs hip hop music , which has Drum and bass as a derivative . The stylistic origin of hip hop music is disco and one of its sub genres is , Gangsta rap .
Rolando Maran ( born in Italy ) is manager of AC Chievo Verona and has played for Calcio Cantania and Carrarese Calcio .
The area codes in Akron , Ohio are 234 and 330 .
A T Charlie Johnson is from the US and his alma mater is Harvard University . He is the editor of AIP Advances .
A . C . Lumezzane play in Lega Pro / A .
The leader of the United States is titled President and the language spoken is English . The country , where John Roberts is a leader , is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria , where Austrian German is spoken . Alfons Gorbach was born in , Imst , in Austria and died in Styria .
The Conservative Party lead Birmingham which has the B postal code and is the birthplace of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama . They also operate Al Asad airbase .
Ethiopia ' s currency is the Ethiopian Birr .
The Alderney Airport serves Alderney whose leader is Elizabeth II .
Abradab is a Hip hop singer . Hip hop gives itself to Drum and Bass with its own origins in Funk and disco .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated Acta Palaeontol . Pol .
Synthpop is a musical derivative of house music and its stylistic origin is new wave music . The synthpop genre is used by the solo singer Alex Day .
The parent company of MTU Friedrichshafen , who make the engines that power the A - Rosa Luna , is Rolls Royce Power Systems .
Aarhus Airport in Denmark is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and is elevated 25 metres above sea level . The airport has a runway named 10L / 28R which is 2702 metres long .
The Alfa Romeo 164 sedan executive vehicle is also called the Alfa Romeo 168 . It has a straight - four engine and an automatic ( ZF 4HP18Q ) transmission .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has the epoch date 27 June 2015 . It has an orbital period of 39447000 , an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kms and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Archtech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki . It is 99 . 83 metres long and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 metres .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is located in the United States . Trenton is the state ' s capital and Newark is its largest city .
Lake Placid , New York is part of New York .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township , Madison County in Indiana , United States . American English is the language in Indiana and the state capital is Indianapolis .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and is 320 pages long . It has the ISBN number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque in New Mexico , United States . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States , some other black people live there too .
Amdavad ni Gufa is in Gujarat Ahmedabad .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , is made with chicken .
Alpharetta , Fulton County , Georgia is located within the United States .
Bakso is a noodle dish that comes from Indonesia .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and living in Kuching , is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He was succeeded by Adenan Satem , who attended the University of Adelaide .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam .
Athens was the birthplace of Makis Voridis .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , and graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 . He was a test pilot . Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy . The Distinguished service medal from the Navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . Shepard died in California .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has the straight four engine and a wheelbase of 2160 mms .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on Mar 15 , 1932 .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
A . S Roma ' s has 70634 members and its grounds are at Stadio Olimpico .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital city is Austin . English is one of the spoken languages in Texas and the state ' s inhabitants are called Texans .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , Bundelkhand . The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik and the airport is operated by the Indian Air Force .
The AIDAstella ship is 253260 . 0 millimetres long and was put in service on March 17 , 2013 .
Airey Neave ' s unit was the Royal Artillery .
Ahmet Ertegun performs blues music .
English is the language spoken in the United States where the native Americans are an ethnic group and Albany is located in Georgia .
St Louis Rams is the former team of Akeem Ayers .
Japan is the location of the Akita Museum of Art ( which has 3 floors ) in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso .
Antioch , California covers an area of 75 . 324 square kilometres and has the postal codes 94509 and 94531 , together with the area code 925 .
11 Diagonal Street ( which had 20 floors ) was designed by architect Helmut Jahn and is owned by Redefine Properties Limited .
Andra was born in Romania and began her career as a solo singer , making a living as a reality TV judge and a singer of Dance pop music .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which is from Andalusia , the leader of which is Susana Diaz . Andalusia is in Spain where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
British people inhabit the UK .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was a member of the Nigerian Air Force where they use Aermacchi MB - 339 as a trainer aircraft . He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President whose predecessor was Oladipo Diya and successor was Atiku Abubakar .
The Airbus Defence and Space manufactured the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres . It launched at ELA - 3 making the maiden flight on 11 December 2002 and its final flight on 18 December 2009 .
The Dodge Coronet , 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation . The manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge is Dodge and the DeSoto Firedome was preceded by the DeSoto Custom .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay , where the leader is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez . He died in Montevideo .
103 Hera , with a temperature of 170 kelvins , has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Alfons Gorbach is a member of the Austrian People ' s Party .
Bucharest is the capital of Romania , a country led by Klaus Iohannis . The ethnic group are the Germans of Romania , and the national anthem is " Desteapta - te , romane ! " . The University was established December 1 , 1918 , in the city of Alba Iulia , which is part of Alba County .
The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014 and it had its final flight on July 13th 2014 . It was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Alexandria , Indiana , is part of Madison County .
James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin , was the discoverer of 101 Helena .
Johns Hopkins University Press is based in the United States and publishes the American Journal of Mathematics which has the OCLC number 1480153 .
Garage rock music was the origin of Indie rock as performed by Aaron Deer . He plays the keyboard and has been signed to the record label Kill Rock Stars located in Portland , Oregon .
Aleksander Barkov Jr ' s draft team was the Florida Panthers .
Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan which has Baku as it ' s capital city and the National Assembly is the official legislature . The country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka , east of the Arabian Sea and southeast of Telangana . The Institute offers Tennis , governed by the International Tennis Federation , as a sport .
Michele Marcolini plays for F . C . Bari 1908 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , Texas .
Bananaman , that starred Lancashire born Bill Oddie , is broadcast by the BBC which is located in London .
1089 Tama has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 , a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and was formerly known as A894 VA ; A904 VD .
Among the crew of Apollo 8 were William Anders and Frank Borman .
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala , India . There are 250 academic staff in the college . Kerala ' s leader is call Kochi and Mahe is northwest of state . Mumbai is the largest city in India .
Ayam penyet comes from the country of Java where the Javanese are the ethnic people . Ayam penyet is also from the Singapore region where Standard Chinese is spoken and Halimah Yacob is the leader .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the United States and led by the Mayor of Albuquerque . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country .
ASB is the IATA location identifier for Ashgabat International airport .
12R / 30L is the runway name of the Ashgabat International Airport .
Ab Klink studied at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam . He was born in Stellendam , worked as a member of the senate and belonged to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes in Spain and is part of the Community of Madrid .
The Zamboangans and the Moro people are ethnic groups in the Philippines ; where one of the languages is Philippine Spanish . Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines .
Tennis is one of the sports offered at the Acharya Institute of Technology .
Ajoblanco ( also known as Ajo blanco ) is a dish from Andalusia , Spain and includes the ingredients bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Alan Shepard was a member of the crew of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA .
The United States includes the Asian Americans ethnic group , has the capital of Washington DC and the largest city of New York City . It is also the location of Atlantic City in Atlantic County , New Jersey .
103 Hera has the escape velocity of 0 . 0482 km per sec and its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Arem arem is from Javanese cuisine and is commonly served in Indonesia . The country ' s leader is Jusuf Kalla and the spoken language is Indonesian .
The Japanese occupation of British Borneo was the birthplace of Adenan Satem who succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud .
The celestial body known as , ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 , has a density of 2 grams per cubic centimetres , and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
A batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and can be found in Indonesia .
A . C . Lumezzane play in Italy , where Rome is the capital and Italians live . It is also where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Italian is the official language .
The fullname of A . D . Isidro Metapan is Asociacion Deportiva , they have 10000 members and play at their ground at Metapán .
Verona , Italy is the home to A . C . Chievo Verona who played in Serie A where the champions were Juventus F . C .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare before being succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating authority of the Allama Iqbal International Airport , which is located in Punjab , Pakistan .
Alfred Barth Jones died in Sidcup which is in London . Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom . European Parliament is the leader of London . Alfred Garth comes from U . K .
William Anders was a United States citizen who was born in British Hong Kong . He graduated from AFIT , MS in 1962 and retired 1969 . 09 . 01 .
The city of Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon , United States , in which the the capital is Washington , D . C . Americans are the people occupying the country and the Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Athens International airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . The runway length is 4000 . 0 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , was born in Miri , Malaysia , and lives in Kuching .
Akron , Ohio is located within the United States , home to a number of ethnic groups , including , Native Americans .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is located within the United States where English is the official language . Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Albuquerque City Council .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born on 1st July 1976 and his clubs are Steel Azin F . C . and Al - Naft .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 and it was discovered by Donal O ' Ceallaigh .
107 Camilla was discovered on 1 March 2001 .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Regina , Saskatchewan .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 , where Jamie Chung is the star .
A . D . Isidro Metapán is in the Salvadoran Primera División league and its ground is in Metapan , El Salvador .
Ahmet Ertegun music genre are Rhythm and Blues and has a background in non performing personnel .
The Smilodon fossil was found in California .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who used to play for Berliner AK 07 and currently plays for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig .
Agustín Barboza was born in Spanish speaking , Asunción , Gran Asunción , Paraguay , led by Juan Afara .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart .
Abel Hernandez is a member of the Central Espanol youth team who play in the Uruguayan segunda Division league . He also plays for US Citta di Palermo managed by Guiseppe Iachini .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which was the birth place of , Abraham A . Ribicoff . His wife was Casey Ribicoff and he died in New York .
UK born Synthpop artist Alex Day became active in music in 2006 . He plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell .
Owned by the College of William and Mary ( the chancellor of which is Robert Gates ) , Alan B . Miller Hall is tenanted by the Mason School of business which is located in the United States .
Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F . C .
The American Locomotive Company was founded in the United States .
Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 February , 1966 and was a test pilot . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference .
Sago is a key ingredient of a dish called Binignit which like Sandesh is a dessert .
The escape velocity of 1097 Vicia is 0 . 0112 km / s and its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 km .
Born in Dothan , Alabama , in 1981 , and originally a solo singer , Allen Forrest plays pop music .
Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music which has its origins in House music . Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine , who in turn , is associated with the musical artist John Digweed .
The Olympic Stadium in Athens is where the AEK Athens football club play .
The Antares rocket had its maiden flight on January 9th 2014 .
66063 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 degrees Celsius and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60816 km .
The Mason School of Business , located in the United States , is the current tenant of Alan B Miller Hall , which cost 75 million dollars .
Alfred Garth Jones comes from the U . K . and is British . Elizabeth II is queen .
Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma are leaders in South Africa where the capital city is Cape Town . One of the ethnic groups of the country are the Asian South Africans and the country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street .
The luxury Acura TLX , assembled at Marysville Auto Plant , is front - wheel and all - wheel drive with a V6 engine .
The Araine was launched from ELA - 3 , operated by Arianespace .
Levan Khomeriki is the manager of FC Dinamo Batumi .
The Slavey language is used in Canada , the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard .
The debut team of Akeem Ayers was the Tennessee Titans which are based in Nashville , Tennessee . Akeem Ayers used to play for Los Angeles Rams , that play in Los Angeles .
At 1099 metres above sea level , Amarillo ( Texas ) , has a population density of 746 people per square kilometre , and a total area of 233 . 9 SqKm .
Alaa Adbul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC , which is managed by Amar Osim and play their home games at Al Khor .
Walter Baade , who died in Gottingen , discovered 1036 Ganymed .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark ; where the language is Danish .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a beam of 3 . 8 metres .
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 1 , 982 .
Alcobendas is part of Community of Madrid .
Abilene , Texas is located in Taylor County , Texas in the United States . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C and English is its official language .
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music which Al Anderson and NRBQ band played once with The Wildweeds .
Bakso is made in China and found in Indonesia . In Indonesia the main language is Indonesian and the leader is Jako Widodo .
The architect John Madin was born in Birmingham , England , and designed 103 Colmore Row which has 23 floors and is located in the city .
Lockheed Martin is located in Bethesda , Maryland .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas .
1099 Figneria ' s epoch date is the 31st of December , 2006 . It has a mass of 2 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is part of the United States .
Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool which is the location of AFC Blackpool . The club is managed by Stuart Parker who plays for both Runcorn FC Halton and Stockport County FC .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas . He was a test pilot who was also a crew member of Apollo 12 . He is now retired .
Anaheim is part of California in the U . S . and has 131 . 6 sq . km . total area . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim .
In his youth , Abel Hernández played for Peñarol , which plays in the Uruguayan Primera División . Abel Hernández plays for the club , U . S . Città di Palermo , the manager of which , is Giuseppe Iachini .
Alex Tyus ' birth date is the 8th of January 1988 .
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 6573 metres .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis was on 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 .
Asherton is situated in Texas , United States .
Stuart Parker plays at the Sparta Rotterdam club .
The United States is led by Barack Obama , has a Native American ethnic group and the capital is Washington D . C . 1634 : The Galileo Affair preceded the U . S . written 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol .
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040 . 0 and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km .
Aaron Deer is from Indianapolis .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States the country where Native Americans are an ethnic group . It is also where A Fortress of Grey Ice is from .
Airey Neave , who was involved in the Battle of France , was a hero and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order . His career ended on 30th March 1979 .
Allen Forrest started his hip hop career in 2005 and hip hop originated from funk music and disco and drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy , where italian people are from , rome is the capital , and Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are the leaders .
The Akita Museum of Art has a floor area of 3746 . 66 ( square metres ) .
Roy Thomas won the Alley Award .
Elliot See went to University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and competed in the Big 12 Conference . He is now deceased .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Ulia , Alba County , Romania . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis .
Aaron Bertram , who plays Ska Punk , which emerged from Punk Rock , plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which is led by Paul Ryan .
Ann Arbor is located in Michigan where Detroit is the largest city .
Alan Martin , born 1 January 1989 , is a footballer who played for Clyde FC and Accrington Stanley FC .
Almond is part of the order of Rosids and is an ingredient in ajoblanco .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is US Citta di Palermo .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey . He joined NASA in 1963 , where he would go on to serve as a crew member aboard the Apollo 11 mission . That mission also included backup pilot William Anders .
The International Tennis Federation is the Governing Body for the tennis sport .
10 Hygiea has a rotation period of 198803 . 0 .
English is spoken in both Great Britain and the United States ( home of President Barack Obama ) . A Severed Wasp is from the United States .
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall in Virginia , U . S .
With a floor count of 45 , 200 Public Square is located in Cleveland in the United States .
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo soul music singer who started her career in 1990 . . Her associates are Bebii Dol and Kornelije Kovač , musicians .
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the U . S . Americans live in the U . S . which also has an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County and DeKalb County in Georgia in the U . S .
Born in New York City , Albert Jennings Fountain , battled in the American Civil War ( Jefferson Davis was a commander ) , and died in the United States .
Albert B White , who died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , USA , was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
The comic character , Balder ' s alternative name , is Balder Odinson .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , ( part of DuPage County Illinois ) , which is led by Susana Mendoza .
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . The academy was established in 1996 in Switzerland and currently has 600 students .
AIDA Cruises , located in Germany , is the owner of the AIDAluna .
Fulton County is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia .
Mauricio Macri is the leader of Argentina and the people of Argentina , the Argentines . The ARA Veinticinco De mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from Argentina where the captital city is Buenos Aires .
Anaheim is part of California in the US . It has a total area of 131 . 6 sq km and is led by the United States House of Representatives .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Miri , Malaysia , was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , whose deputy was Stephen Yong Kuet Tze and who was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
AZ Alkmaar is owned by Robert Eenhoorn and managed by John van den Bron who plays for AFC Ajax and De Graafschap .
Twilight ' s Aaron Turner is a Progressive Metal artist .
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Aenir has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . It was followed up by Above the Veil , which is written in English .
Aarhus Airport in Denmark is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . The airport lies 25 metres above sea level and has a runway named 10R / 28L which is 2776 . 0 metres long .
Cyril Ramaphose is one leader of South Africa , where Asian South Africans reside at 11 Diagonal Street .
N . R . Pogson discoverered 107 Camilla with its epoch date being December 31 , 2006 . The periapsis of 107 Camilla is 479343000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and the Italian language is spoken .
Brooklyn is part of New York City where The Asser Levy Public Baths are located , and which is in New Netherland .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , in Spain .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza , Argentina , is a member of the Justicialist Party and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which is a dish from Sinagpore .
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader and the capital is Rome .
The USAF operates the Al Asad Airbase , which is in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Lancia Thema as well as the Fiat Croma are therefore all a related means of transportation .
Beef kway teow is a dish in Indonesia .
An affiliate of the European University Association , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark currently provides educational services to 16000 students with an academic staff of 737 .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella lead the Italian people and the Italian language is spoken .
Diane Duane wrote the published book A Wizard of Mars . It can be found by ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Dynamo Moscow .
Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which is an Indonesian dish .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , made of rock and dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland , Ohio , United States . The leader in Cleveland is Frank G Jackson , and its governing body is Cleveland City Council .
Alessio Romagnoli is in the Italian national under 17 team under the coach Alessandro dal Canto , and also played for the Italian national under 16 football team .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and his alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which is of the order Poales .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell . The main ingredients of a Bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of South Mountain .
The Stadio Armando Picchi is the home ground of AS Livorno Calcio who played in the 2014 - 15 Serie B season . they have 19238 members and the full name of the club is Associazione Sportiva .
Albany , Georgia is part of the United States of American where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a popular dish .
St Louis , which is also a place in France , is where Elliot See died and whose mayor is Francis G Slay .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a fantasy novel .
The BBC produces BBC Radio .
Aaron Hunter played for SV Werder Bremen II which is managed by Alexander Nouri .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking press .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas , where the largest city is Fort Worth .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A . D . Isidro Metapan .
James Criag Watson originates from Canada .
ACF Fiorentina fullname is ACF Fiorentina S . p . A .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone , which was founded in Turin .
Armin van Buuren performs house music .
Romanian born solos singer Andra , who performs rhythm and blues , has worked as a reality TV judge .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce . The capital of the country is Rome and the leader is either Pietro Grasso and / or Laura Boldrini .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who was signed to the Chicago - located Alligator Records . His current record label is Shanachie Records .
A911 MD is the former name of 1001 Gaussia .
107 Camilla was discovered by E . Wells .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov , which is in service , was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland . It is 99 . 83 metres long and has a 21 . 2 m long shipbeam .
Binignit is a dessert and a cookie is also a dessert .
These books by John Cowper Powys were published in the following order : A Glastonbury Romance , Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
Agra airport is located in India .
110 Lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 km .
Anaheim is part of California , where Tom Tait is the leader and some parts speak Chinese . The United States House of Representatives , which leads Anaheim , is located in the United States Capitol .
Bacon sandwiches are from the UK where David Cameron was once Prime Minister . It often is served with brown sauce and variations on the sandwich include the BLT and club sandwich .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 14 .
103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 kilometres per second and a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms , it also has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days . Its epoch is on the 31st of July 2016 and it has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , in 1872 .
The 3 . 5 litre engine Acura TLX is manufactured by Honda where Acura is a division .
Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium is the ground of FC Samtredia .
Italians inhabit Italy , where the capital is Rome . It is also where Italian is the official language and Pietro Grasso is the leader . The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy .
William Anders retired Sept 1st 1969 .
Adam Koc fought in WWI and was awarded the Cross of Independence .
Olympiacos FC are previous champions of the Superleague Greece .
Lemon , an ingredient in Antioquio / Colombian bed dish Bandeja paisa , belongs to the rutaceae family , Citrus Genus .
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India and include vegetables .
Alex Day became active in 2006 and plays Folk music with the Chameleon Circuit . He ' s associated with Charlie McDonnell , musician .
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II , and was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Antwerp international airport , serving Antwerp , with an elevation of 12 meters is operated by the Flemish government .
Akron , Ohio is located within the United States whose leader is Barack Obama .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a diesel - electric transmission .
Stuart Parker the football player is part of the KV Mechelen club .
Alex Day plays with the band Chameleon Circuit .
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B . White , who finished his career on March 4th 1905 .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza is Paraguay where Juan Afara is the leader .
Produced between May 1950 and August 1956 , the ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine , with a cylinder count of 12 and was manufactured by the American Locomotive Company .
Michele Marcolini manages the A . C . Lumezzane .
Abradab started performing in 1994 and is an artist for the band Kaliber 44 . He is musically associated with the rapper Magik .
The ALV X - 1 originated in the United States which has the Star Spangled Banner as its national anthem . The inhabitants are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of White Americans .
Andra is a dance pop singer who is associated with the CRBL band and Marius Moga .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose hub airport is Turkmenabat Airport .
The main ingredient of binignit is coconut milk . Sweet potatoes from the order of Solanales are also included .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 was on 31 December 2006 and its orbital period is 8788850000 . 0 .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is part of Washtenaw County , United States . Arabic is spoken in Michigan and the capital is Lansing .
Bionico is a dessert from Jalisco , Mexio . The leader in Jalisco is Jesus Casillas Romero . Another dessert is a cake .
Abraham A Ribicoff is from Connecticut which is in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
Alfredo Zitarrosa passed away in Montevideo , the capital of Uruguay . The inhabitants of the country are called Uruguayans and Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is a leader there .
The U . S . A . ' s Andrews County Airport is found in Texas where Austin is the capital . Spanish is spoken in the state where the people are known as Texans .
Mulatu Teshome is an Ethiopian leader . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa in Ethiopia .
The Moro people come from the Philippines , where Batchoy is served .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and is also found in Malaysia .
The total population density of Abilene , Texas is 429 . 9 inhabitants per sq km .
The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom and Plymouth Plaza are related means of transportation .
The comic character , Ballistic ( a . k . a . Kelvin Mao ) was created by Douglas Moench and Michael Manley .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States were African Americans are an ethnic group .
Ace Wilder is an exponent of Hip hop music , a derivative of which is Drum and Bass . Hip hop music has its origins in Disco .
The University of Texas , Austin , is affiliated with the University of Texas System .
Born in Burbank California , Eric Flint wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette II .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion ( ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 ) was written by Eric Flint , published in print it has 512 pages .
Agustin Barboza is a solo singer , who is involved in the Guarania genre . He was born on the 5th May 1913 in Asuncion , Paraguay .
The American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , .
Kashubians are an ethnic group of Poland , the country Adam Koc comes from .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co . Honda makes the Acura TLX , which has a Honda K engine and is related to the Honda Accord .
the Distinguished service medal from the Navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , which is part of Munster . The architect of the manor is Augustus Pugin , whose birthplace was Bloomsbury . One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is the Palace of Westminster .
The Antares rocket is 3 . 9 m in diameter .
Born in Cleveland , Albert B . White , started his career on March 4 , 1901 and was married to Agnes Ward White . He was a member of the United States Republican party and finished his career on March 4th 1905 .
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area , United States , and one of its ingredients is Bacon .
Amdavad ni Gufa , which is in Gujarat , India , was completed in 1995 .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci , who played football for Genoa C . F . C .
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovac became active in 1990 . Disco music is a type of pop music .
The Ariane 5 ' s maiden flight was on the 2nd March 2004 .
Mayor led Akron , Summit County , Ohio is part of the United States . The U . S . boasts its capital as Washington , D . C . and is home to Asian Americans .
Ann Arbor , Michigan has a population of 1580 . 7 people for each of the 74 . 33 square kilometres it covers . City Manager is the title given to the leader of Ann Arbor .
Found in the US is the ALV X - 1 . The capital of that country is Washington , D . C . and an ethnic group there is called Asian Americans . Americans occupy the U . S .
Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of American Motors .
Abner plays football for the Brazilian national under 17 team , but also currently plays for the Coritiba football club and for the Real Madrid Castilla who are managed by Luis Miguel Ramis .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub . Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub ' s deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze .
Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . He was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte .
The United States , led by the President , has its capital at Washington D . C . , is home to Asian Americans , and is the origin of the Atlas II .
Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan is in the United States . The Alpena County Regional Airport is located there .
Ab Klink belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Jesús Casillas Romero is the name of Jalisco ' s leader .
Andra began her singing career in 2000 .
Athens International Airport is 94 metres above sea level .
Akron , Summit County , Ohio is located within the United States . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C .
Washtenaw County , Michigan is in the United States .
Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock where one finds performer Andrew White and in turn , alternative rock has the sub genre Christian alternative rock .
The country of origin of the ALV X - 1 is the United States , where Washington D . C . is the capital . of the United States . The leader of the United States is the President of the United States and the Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem . White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) who have 5000 members played in the 2014 season .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the United States in the Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
Avocado is part of the Lauraceae family .
Atlantic City International Airport has a runway surface made of Asphalt and Concrete . It is located in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Jens Hartel is in the RB Leipzig club , is part of the 1 . FC Union Berlin club , represented FC Sachsen Leipzig . and managed 1 FC Magdeburg .
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat has a runway length of 2989 .
Construction of Adisham Hall , Haputale , designed in the " Tudor Revival " style , began in 1927 and was finished in 1931 .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rhythm and blues music and he died in the U . S . Disco comes from rhythm and blues . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 14 who died in California which is represented by Dianne Feinstein .
With an orbit of 1516 . 6700000000003 days , 101 Helena , was discovered by Canadian , James Craig Watson , who died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
The university of Texas at Austin , where Elliot See was a student , is affiliated to the university of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference .
Amdavad ni Gufa ' s address is Lalbhai Dalpathbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat , India .
The 4th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a surface of asphalt .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , established in 1996 , is located in the city of Mendrisio in Switzerland . It houses 600 students .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java , where the Baduy are an ethnic group . The dish comes from Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader .
Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length of 1533 and is 210 metres above sea level . It is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina . His musical genre is Trance and he began his musical career in 2009 .
The Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo and is 159 m above sea level . The runway ' s name is South Runway and it is 4000 feet long .
English is the language of the United States .
Elizabeth Garrett is president at Cornell University , Ithaca , New York . The University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities .
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown , on the 12th of October 1986 . He is 1 . 9558 meters tall .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and had 12 cylinders , a V12 engine , and a length of 17068 . 8 mms .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County , Georgia , united States .
Located in the state of Karnataka , Acharya Institute of Technology is an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Aaron Deer is a singer whose genre is Psychedelia .
Alan Shepard is deceased .
Addis Ababa City Hall and the Addis Ababa Stadium are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II are Aaron Hunt ' s Football clubs . SV Werder Bremen II is in the league 3 Liga and VFL Wolfsburn is managed by Dieter Hecking .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , United States . He was a member of the Apollo 11 , which was operated by NASA . He was also a fighter pilot .
Icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov , built by Aleksey Chirikov in Helsinki , Finland , has a 21 . 2 length ship beam .
The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a commander .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , which is led by Jacob Zuma .
Aaron Turner is a musician and performer of the musical genre Post metal with the Lotus Eaters band , having previously played with Twilight .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendor and worked as a member of the House of Representatives . Agnes Kant ' s alma mater is the Radboud University Nijmegen .
AFC Ajax ( amateur ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax . The grounds are owned by AFC Ajax N . V . and has a tenant of Ajax Youth Academy .
1089 Tama has an average speed of 19 . 94 kilometers per second and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Anderson forms part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants for each of its 107 . 43 square kilometres .
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors which was acquired by Chrysler . Roy D . Chapin Jr . is a key person at American Motors and The Wheel Horse is a subsidiary of them .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia .
The address of Alan B . Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way .
3Arena is located in Dublin in Leinster .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and its Latin name is " Universitas Apulensis " . Romania ' s ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Desteapta - te , romane !
The Abarth 1000 Gt Coupe is a 2 door coupe last made in 1958 . It has a wheelbase of 2160mm .
Born in 1989 , Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and later played for the St Louis Rams .
The book " A Glastonbury Romance " was followed by " Weymouth Sands " the author of which is John Cowper Powys .
The Prime Minister of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and it ' s capital is in Bucharist . The Romanian anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and its patron Saint is the Apostle Andrew . The ethic group of Romania is known as the Germans of Romania . The country has the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
4100777 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and its epoch date was on June 27th 2015 . Its apoapsis is 259776802 . 47055 mms and has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 .
AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , is powered by California origin and Peoria , Illinois located , Caterpillar Inc .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s recording label is Stanyan Records .
Bakso is a Chinese dish found in Indonesia , the leader of which is Jusuf Kalla . Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , at the address Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , was involved in the Battle of France ; he began his career on March 4th 1974 , and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Gram flour is used to make Bhajji which come from the Karnataka region of India .
Above the Veil by Garth Nix is available in hardcover with the OCLC number 46451790 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak , who was born in Miri , Malaysia , represented Balingan and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , a country where the people are called Spaniards . Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain . Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia .
Elliot See was born in Dallas county , Texas and attended UT at Austin ( which is affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . Gregory L . Fenves is the President of UT , which competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . Hook ' em is the mascot for the UT .
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2195 . 0 .
Adisham Hall , Haputale was completed in 1931 .
Albert Jennings Fountain died 1896 - 02 - 01 .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where Philippine English is the language spoken . It is also where Zamboangans are a group .
The soup Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Born in Faversham , Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and began his career on 5th May 2005 . his alma mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge .
Elliot See , deceased , was a test pilot born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Perón was president . Juan Peron belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina and was married to , Eva Peron .
Alfred Garth Jones , born in Manchester , died in , Boris Johnson led , London .
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States .
Adare Manor , Adare , County Limerick was designed by the architect James Pain and completed in 1862 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , located in the Collin County in Texas .
The temperature of 10 Hygiea is 164 . 0 kelvins .
Lockheed C - 130 Hercules is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force .
Alison O ' Donnell , a Psychedelic folk musician , was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and was in the band Mellow Candle .
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( nicknamed Asa Gigante ) has 17000 members and play in 2015 .
Gerd Von Rundstedt was a commmander in the Battle of France , where Airey Neave fought . Neave ' s unit was the Royal Artillery which has a garrison at Hohne .
Abel Hernández has played for Central Español . In his youth , he played for Peñarol . Jorge Orosmán da Silva os th e , anager of Penarol , which plays in the Uruguayan Primera División .
A flowering plant includes the division of Almonds which are an ingredient in ajoblanco .
Shabab Al - Ordon Club is in the Jordan Permier League .
The editor of AIP Advances is A . T . Charlie Johnson who is a United States national .
Binignit is a dessert that can be found in the Visayas district of the Philippines . It contains taro and sweet potato .
Josef Klaus succeeded Alfons Gorbach .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the CODEN code AMHAAJ .
110 Lydia has a temperature of 168 kelvins and its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press in the US who publish the American Journal of Mathematics .
The Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works is the operating organisation of Antwerp International Airport .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka , southwest of Telangana , was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The musical genre of Aaron Deer is indie rock , which originated from garage rock music and uses the guitar .
The American submarine NR - 1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat Co .
The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House Alfred Giles was born in England and died in Kendall County Texas .
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines and the main ingredient is sweet potatoes .
The DeSoto manufactured Custome , the 1955 Didge and the Chrysler Newport are all related .
Aleksandr Chumakov who plays for the Soviet Union National football team , died in Moscow where the leader is Sergey Sobyanin . He has also played for FC torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov .
An ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is garlic .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia , in the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The leader of the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando .
Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago .
Barny cakes have 1 . 8g protein , 4 . 8g fat and 18g carbohydrates . One variation of the dish uses milk in the recipe .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was founded in 2000 and is located in Bangalore , Karnataka state of the country India . It has 700 postgraduate students and has connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The code of Acta Mathematica is AMAHE9 .
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Galactic and with Tab Benoit .
The third runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s musical genre is folk rock .
The escape velocity of 1097 Vicia is 0 . 0112 km per sec . It has a mass of 9 . 8 kgs and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who is a member of the United States Republican party .
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
American Civil War , Siege of Petersburg involved U . S . born Alfred Moore Scales . The American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis . An ethnic group of the United States includes Native Americans .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the record label Stanyan Records .
Anaheim is part of Orange County , California which is located in the greater Los Angeles area .
Robert E . Lee was a commander at the Battle of Salem Church .
Wizards at War preceded A Wizard of Mars which was published by Harcourt .
Elliot See was a National of the United States . He was born on 1927 - 07 - 23 and died on 1966 - 02 - 28 in St . Louis .
Auburn , Alabama lies 214 metres above sea level and has a population density of 368 . 65 people for each of its 140 . 8 square kilometres .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae .
St Vincent St Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Ohio , United States and it is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , that is located in Summit County , Ohio , .
Duncan Rouleau is an American national who created Baymax .
Airey Neave , who was awarded the Territorial Decoration for his time in World War II , ended his career on March 30 , 1979 .
The Alan B . Millar Hall was completed on 1st June 2009 and currently hosts the US Mason School of Business .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tristrup , Denmark , where they speak the Greenlandic language .
Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina , where the official language is , Spanish .
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street .
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and it includes the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
29075 1950 DA with the epoch date 27 August 2011 , has an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 , a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 and a mass of 4 . 0 kgs .
Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia , Spain . It contains almond as one of its ingredients and an alternative name of it is Ajo blanco .
Ab Klink worked as a member of the senate .
The abbreviation of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is Acta Math . Hungar and covers the academic discipline of Mathematics .
Auburn , Alabama forms part of Lee County , where Opelika is the county seat . Alabama is located in the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Birmingham on the B postcode area is governed by the Birmingham council of which Khalid Mahmood is a member . 103 Colmore Row was designed by native son John Maddin .
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled at Newport Pagnell with a 5 . 3 litre engine . It was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , manufactured by Aston Martin . This latter car is a related vehicle to the Aston Martin DBS .
AWH Engineering College in the city of Kuttikkattoor , India is in the state of Kerala . It was established in 2001 .
Beef Kway teow is from Indonesia , it is popular in Singapore and Indonesia . Beef Kway Teow is made from beef tender loin , gula Melaka , Sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy souce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs " they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 - 15 Topklasse season .
Aarhus Airport is 25 meters above sea level with a runway length of 2777 and named 10L / 28R . It is operated by Aktieselskab .
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , a country where the Spaniards are the main ethnic group . Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spain . One of the leaders of Andalusia Is Susana Diaz .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax NV . Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy are both tenants .
The abbreviation of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg .
1955 Dodge and Plymouth Plaza are related kinds of transportation .
The United States Air Force who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase fought in the bombing of Libya in 1986 , and in the noted battles at the invasion of Grenada . They deploy the Locheed AC - 130 attack aircraft .
William Anders , born 17 October 1933 was chosen by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 8 .
Aaron Boogaard , who is 1 . 905 tall and born in Saskatchewan in 1986 , plays for Wichita Thunder .
A Long Long Way ( 292 pages ) is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 57392246 .
110 Lydia travels at an average speed of 17 . 99 kmps .
Attica is part of Fountain County , Indiana , United States . Washington DC is the capital of the US .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Spartak Moscow who play at the Otkrytiye arena , but he also plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club .
The European Space Agency manufactured the Ariane 5 , the launch site of which , was ELA - 3 launchpad , located at the Guiana Space Centre .
Andrew Mitchell is a leader in Birmingham where the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row was born .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print , has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
The character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Garcy Cohn .
Appleton , Wisconsin , is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin .
Akeem Ayers used to play for Tennessee Titans .
Adam Koc fought in WWI and won the Legion of Honour award .
Ann Arbor , Michigan has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres .
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients , it originates from the Andalusia region of Spain . Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of the country .
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres and was discovered by James Craig Watson . Watson is a Canadian National and studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
William Anders , who was born on the 17th of October 1933 , graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 .
Akeem Ayers was born in 1989 and he ' s played with the Tennessee Titans and the St . Louis Rams .
The successor of Abner W . Sibal was Donald J . Irwin .
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where the Italian language is spoken , the capital city is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Buzz Aldrin retired on Jul 1 , 1971 .
Stuart Parker is a footballer attached to Irlam Town FC and the manager of AFC Blackpool . The clubs ground is in Blackpool where the leaders are the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
Dan Mishkin created the comic book character Bolt while Gary Cohn is the creator of Bolf .
Allen Forrest was born 1981 .
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and also in the region of Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader .
The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The capital city is Bucharest but the 1 Decembrie 1918 Univerrsity is located in the city of Alba Iulia , in the state of Alba .
1001 Gaussia was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky on its epoch July 31 , 2016 . This former asteroid was called A911 MD and it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Ellington in the state .
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Anzio .
Alan Frew ' s musical genre is rock music which has its stylistic origins in the Blues . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Orbital ATK built the Antares rocket .
Buzz Aldrin , born Edwin Eugene Aldrin , was awarded the Legion of Merit ribbon .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar , owned by Robert Eehoorn , as well as playing for AFC Ajax and De Graafschap .
Anaheim is part of California , in the United States .
Ethiopa is led by Hailemariam Desalegn and uses the Amharic language . The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the city of Addis Ababa .
The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland which is led by Enda Kenny . Irish people inhabit that country .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport , which is 497 . 0 in length , is made from Poaceae .
Attica is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana in the United States whose caiptal city is Washington D . C .
One of the main ingredients in Binignit is sago .
The AIDS journal was first published in 1987 and belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS .
The Battle of the Wilderness was fought during the American Civil War .
Alan Bean was an American test pilot selected by NASA to part of the Apollo 12 crew in 1963 . His Alma Mater is UT Austin , where he received as B . S . in 1955 .
Max Huiberts is the owner of AZ Alkmaar .
Austin is the capital of Texas which uses Spanish as a spoken language . Texas is located within the United States and is the location of Amarillo in Potter County .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , where the leader is known as the President .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has 12 cylinders . It also has a four - stroke engine , a diesel - electric transmission , and a length of 17068 . 8 mms .
Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of the South Region , Brazil .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24th February 1989 and is 185 cm tall . He has played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Tom Tomsk .
Akron Summit Assault was in the 2011 season .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , the capital city of which is London . The established religion in England is The Church of England and sometimes Cornish is spoken there .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States , where English is the language used and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The commander of the Gulf War was George H . W . Bush and Adam Holloway was involved in Gulf War battles . Adam Holloway began his career on 5th May 2005 and served in the Grenadier Guards .
An example of Brutalist architecture , 103 Colmore Row , in Birmingham , was conceived by local - born architect John Madin .
Oladipo Diya , was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe . Mike Akhigbe was in the Nigerian Navy and was Vice President at the same time , Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office . Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s successor was Olusegun Obasanjo .
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5kgs .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres and a mean temperature of 358 . 0 kelvins .
The Ariane 5 was made by ESA and Arianespace and launched from the Guiana Space Centre , making its final flight on 18 December 2004 .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States and was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 .
Allen Forest first starting performing hip hop music in 2005 .
The United States , which includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans , is the location of Akron , Summit County , Ohio .
Bhajji originates from India and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Born on 8th of January 1988 , Alex Tyus , played for the college Florida Gators men ' s basketball team and was drafted in 2011 .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2 . 0 gm per cu cm , an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km and an average speed of 4 . 56 km per sec .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas , USA .
Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Gettysburg .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 1873 .
The , 3 . 9m diameter , Antares rocket , built by Orbital ATK , was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . Its initial launch was April 21 , 2013 and the final flight was September 18 , 2013 .
Amdavad ni Gufa can be found in Gujarat which is in the Indian city of Ahmedabad .
Popular in the UK , bacon sandwiches ( which can have ketchup as an ingredient ) are also can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba in 1989 .
Jazz musician Albennie Jones is from the United States , home to African Americans . Jazz has its origins from the Blues and is the influence of Afrobeat fusion .
The United Kingdom is populated by the British people .
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B . White , who was born in Cleveland . Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on , March 4th 1905 .
White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , a country where the the leader is called the President and Washington , D . C . is the capital city . Joe Biden is a political leader in the U . S . The country is also the origin of Bacon Explosion .
Adare Manor , a 1862 building in Adare , County Limerick , was designed by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style , a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres , and rolled off the production line in 1958 .
Bionico is a Mexican dessert dish from the region of Jalisco and the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans .
Elliot See was an American who graduated from the University of Texas in Austin . The university is affiliated to the university of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 conference . Elliot worked for NASA from 1962 and he died in St Louis .
American Abraham A . Ribicoff is married to Ruth Ribicoff . Among the ethnic groups in the U . S . are Native Americans .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which has origins in New wave and has its stylistic origins in Punk rock . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock .
The United States ( whose capital city is Washington , D . C . ) is the origin of the Atlas II . Inhabitants of the United States are called Americans , and the country has different ethnic groups including African Americans . The primary language of the United States is English .
Cookies and bionico are both types of dessert . The latter dish is found in Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , Aarhus , Denmark , has 16000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association .
103 Hera - which has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days - was discovered by Canadian , James Craig Watson . His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Arem - arem is nationwide in Indonesia , but more specific to Java and one of the ingredients is banana leaf .
The Battle of Gettysburg took place during the American Civil War .
The Acura TLX assembly line is located at the Marysville Auto Plant .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade , and legislated by the National Assembly .
Aaron deer plays the bass guitar and is a performer of the music genre Indie rock , which originated from garage rock music .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and the band Kids Imagine Nation . His musical genre is Ska punk , which has its stylistic origin in Punk rock .
Appleton International Airport , located in Greenville ( WI ) , services Appleton , Grand Chute and Dale , Wisconsin .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 and was discovered by Donal O Ceallaigh . It has an orbital period of 7729430000 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 .
Arlington , Texas has a water area of 82 . 8 square kilometres .
A Fortress of Grey Ice from the U . S . is written in English . English is the language spoken in Great Britain . An ethnic group in the U . S . is Native Americans .
The leader of Mexico is Enrique Peña Nieto .
The largest city of Williamson County , Texas is Round Rock and Austin is part of the county as well .
Alexandria , Indiana is part of Monroe Township , in Madison County which is located within the United States .
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township which is in Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio located in Ticino , Switzerland , was created in 1996 , has 600 students and 100 employees . It ' s leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Al Kharaitiyat SC ' s ground is Al Khor .
The birth place of Adam Koc was Suwalki . Mr . Koc fought in the Polish – Soviet War which was a battle within the Russian Civil War . Leon Trotsky was the commander in that war .
John van den Brom , manager of AZ Alkmaar , is in Vitesse Arnhem .
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Paris Cullins who is an American .
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League .
Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena at North Wall in Dublin .
Aaron Bertram played for Kids Imagine Nation and currently for Suburban Legends . Brian Robertson is a member of Suburban Legends and they perform rock music .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish - Soviet War while Leon Trotsky was the commender .
Afonso Pena International Airport , located in São José dos Pinhais ( part of Parana ) , is operated by Infraero . the airport serves Curitiba , which is part of the South Region , Brazil .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at theAarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students .
Anders Osborne is a singer .
Aaron Deer plays the bass guitar and performs Indie rock music . Indie rock originated from garage rock music and new wave music .
Aleksandr Prydnikov is in the FC Terek Grozny club which is located in Grozny and managed by Aleksandr Prydnikov . Mr . Prudnikov also plays for FC Tom Tomsk .
ALV X - 1 is from the US ; where the anthem is the Star Spangled Banner .
Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin .
Vermont native Alvah Sabin represented the State ' s 3rd Congressional District and he died in Sycamore , Illinois after ending his career on March 3rd , 1857 . Vermont ' s largest city is Burlington .
The Acura TLX is made at the Marysville Auto Plant and has a V6 engine . It is classed as a mid - size car with a front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
The 1955 Dodge , Plymouth Plaza and the DeSoto Custom ( manufactured at DeSoto ) are related means of transportation .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
Albany , Benton County , Oregon is part of The United States . The U . S . is home to African Americans and boasts its capital as Washington , DC .
The 14L / 32R runway in Adofo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport located in Madrid , has a length of 4349 . 0 .
Alan Shepard retired on 1974 - 08 - 01 .
Abarth is the manufacturer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé which was designed by the Italian founded Gruppo Bertone .
Alpharetta , is part of Fulton County , in Georgia whose largest city is Atlanta . The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States .
Peter Stoger plays for SC Wiener Neustadt .
Akron Summit Assault ( Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault ) has 3000 members . The club played in the 2011 season , and is managed by Denzil Antonio .
Asam pedas hails from Malay Peninsula , Indonesia and Malaysia .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 sq km , an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kms .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the leader . The Aston Martin Vantage succeeded the Aston Martin DBS , which is related to The Aston Martin V8 .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , managed by Vica , has 17000 members .
Buzz Aldrin was awarded the ' Legion of Merit ' ribbon .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Fuad Masum leads that country where Arabic is the spoken language .
American Elliot See was born in Dallas , died in St Louis and was a test pilot . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York , where French is one of the languages spoken .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilians and the leader of the country is Tarō Asō .
American national Duncan Rouleau is the creator of the character Baymax , which featured in the film Big Hero 6 ( starring Alan Tudyk ) .
Albert Jennings Fountain , was born in Staten Island ( New York ) , and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico Territory , on 1896 - 02 - 01 .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is François Hollande .
Al Anderson , of the band NRBQ was born in Windsor , Connecticut , United States .
Shortcrust pastry is a key ingredient in a Bakewell tart .
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County ( which Alpharetta is part of ) , Georgia , in the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The population density of Angola , Indiana is 524 . 5 inhabitants per sq km .
Elliot See was born on July 23rd , 1927 in Dallas , Texas . After graduating from the University of Texas at Austin , he was selected by NASA in 1962 . He died in St . Louis .
The 1955 Dodge has a hardtop and a V8 engine .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley Derbyshire and is the author of Wolf Solent which preceded A Glastonbury Romance .
Rock music originated from country music and bhangra is one of its musical fusion . Alan Frew performs in the rock music which has its stylistic origins in blues .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Daniel Martinez and Tabaré Vázquez led Montevideo , Uruguay .
AZAL Arena , the ground of AZAL PFK , is located in Baku .
Abilene is found in Jones County , Texas in the United States .
Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi and House music exponent , Christian Burns .
Anders Osborne , a rock player , signed to Shanachie Records . Bhangra music is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
Born in Cleveland , Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905 .
Ahmet Ertegun , born in 1923 , plays rhythm and blues , which was derived from the blues and itself forms the origins of disco .
Fried chicken whose main ingredient is chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' . Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and in Malaysia and Singapore .
The assembly line of the Alfa Romeo 164 , related to the Fiat Croma , is in Milan ( whose saint is Ambrose ) .
American Journal of Mathematics ( discipline Mathematics ) is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press , which is based in the United States .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport which is located at Paracuellos de Jarama has a runway length of 4100 . 0 and a runway name of 18L / 36R .
American Elliot See joined NASA in 1962 and died in St . Louis . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference .
Alex Tyus started playing in 2011 .
The Antares rocket is made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office in Dnipropetrovsk .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Anzhi Makhachkala .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
The Philippines , where Philippine English is spoken , is the country Batchoy comes from .
Alison O ' Donnell is a performer of folk music who began her career in 1963 . She has been a member of the bands Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet .
The Delta II from the United States is comparable with the rocket Antares and was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The ALCO RS - 3 has 12 cylinders , a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . It was built by The American Locomotive Company .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay . He plays the music style known as Guarania and records for Philips Records .
The Antares rocket , which is similar to the Delta II rocket from the United States , was built by Orbital ATK . It was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
James Pain was the architect of the Adare Manor .
South Africa ' s ethnic groups include the Coloured . 11 Diagonal Street is located here and it ' s capital is Cape Town . It ' s leaders include Jacob Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa .
Adirondack Regional Airport in the US serves Lake Placid , Essex County New York , and also Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown , New York .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport located in Aarhus , Denmark . It ' s runway length is 2777 . 0 and is 25 . 0 metres above sea level , the runway is named 10R / 28L .
The ground of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and has 1500 member . They were in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH Greece season .
Abilene , Texas , is in the United States , where English is spoken and the biggest city is New York City . The capital of the United States is Washington DC .
Black metal performer Aaron Turner , who started his musical career in 1995 , has played with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou , French Guiana .
The Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company ( founded in Coventry ) has a 4387 . 00 cc engine .
Administrative Science Quarterly has the OCLC number 1461102 .
Ariane was launhed from ELA - 3 which is at the Guiana space centre and operated by Arianespace located in Courcouronnes .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Greek bron , Adonis Georgiadis .
Anaheim is part of California and is led by the United States House of Representatives which is located at the United States Capitol . Tom Tait is a leader in Anaheim . English is spoken in California .
The leader of India is Narendra Modi .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana , which is in the country of the United States .
The Administrative Science Quarterly , or Admin . Sci . Q , comes under the academic discipline of Management . It is published by SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University .
Alan Bean is now retired .
Greek born Adonis Georgiadis was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
Alliant Techsystems produces the ALV X - 1 and the XM25 CDTE .
Based in Houston , Texas , the Houston Texans are the team Akeem Dent used to play for .
Julia Morgan was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Asilomar State Beach .
Alex Day , a solo singer , performs Synthpop music which is a kind of House music and originated from Disco music and pop music .
Aenir is 233 pages long .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is class as monocotyledon and part of the commelinids order .
Tor Books publishes A Fortress of Grey Ice .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States , where one of the ethnic groups is the African Americans . Lee County is situated within the state of Alabama .
Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music .
Aarhus Airport , operated by Aktieselskab , has a runway length of 2777 . 0 and the runway name is 10L / 28R .
Aaron Boogaard was born on 11 / 08 / 1986 .
The asteroid called 1036 Ganymed has an epoch date of 22nd October 2004 . Its orbital period is 374976 seconds and it has an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 kilometres .
Albany , Oregon ; has a total area of 45 . 97 sq kms , is 64 , 008 above sea level , has a population density of 1104 . 1 inhabitants per sq km . , and the area codes , 541 and 458 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are similar means of transport and the latter is also related to the Saab 9000 .
Abel Caballero is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party and was born in Spain .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé , discontinued in 1958 , had a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a two door coupe body style .
Aston is the manufacturerof Austin Martin V8 succeeded by Austin Martin virage which is assembled in the UK headed by Elizabeth | | .
Audi which manufactures the Audi A1 was founded by August Horch . Lamborghini is a subsidiary of the company .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is owned by the National Park Service and is in the state of Maryland .
Narendra Modi and T . S . Thakur are leaders in India which is where Indian people are from . It is also where Bhajji originates from , and where the Indian rupee is the currency .
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač is associated with Kornelije Kovač . . Pop , Disco and Fusion have similar elements .
Anderson , Township of Madison County , Indiana is in the Country of United States .
The President and leader of the United States is Barack Obama . The US , where the English language is spoken and where Native Americans are an ethnic group , is home to Albuquerque in New Mexico .
Anderson is part of Richland Township which is located in Madison County , Indiana . United States .
The character of Ben Urich was created by the American , Gene Colan , and the comic book writer , Roger McKenzie .
Hip Hop is the musical style of Abradab , and has its origins from Jazz and Funk .
DeKalb County , Georgia , is located in the United States .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews . It has an 8 . 0km long runway and situated 973 meters above sea level .
AS Livorno Calcio with 19238 members is in Stadio Armando Picchi .
A . S . Livorno Calcio ( home ground Stadio Armando Picchi ) has 19 , 238 members .
Alexandria , part of Madison County , is in Indiana , in the United States . American English is the language spoken in Indiana , the capital of which , is Indianapolis .
Ab Klink worked as a member of the senate and had the alma mater , Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
Agustín Barboza was born on the 5th May 1913 .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for AS Roma in Serie A .
Alex Tyus played in the Euroleague for the club Anadolu Efes S . K . whose coach is Dušan Ivković .
Both Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle were the creators of the comic character , Blockbuster .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and once signed with Deram Records and Floating World Records . Deram Records is in London . Funk comes from jazz music .
Above the Veil was preceded By Australian novel Aenir , which was preceded by the novel Castle .
The Samuda Brothers built the Alhambra which is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and owned by P & O . It is powered by an engine from the London based firm of Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes .
In the Philippines , the spoken language is Philippine Spanish .
The Atatürk Monument in İzmir , Turkey , which has Ankara as its capital and uses the Lira as its currency , is led by Ahmet Davutoglu .
Andra is a pop music singer and she is associated with Puya and Marius Moga .
A . C . Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi . They currently play in the Serie B League in which Carpri F . C . 1909 have previously been champions .
Kashubians are an ethnic group in Poland .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . ( abbreviated to A . C . Chievo Verona ) has 39371 members and its home ground is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Benregodi .
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Arem arem comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members , and they competed in the 2014 season .
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dales . This community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding , the bakewell tart , which features fruit preserves .
The ALCO RS - 3 , with its V12 engine , was built by American Locomotive Company and was produced from May 1950 - August 1956 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland . The country ' s anthem is the Swiss Psalm and the leader , Johann Schneider - Ammann has the official title of the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a mass of 8 . 3 kilograms .
Mariott International , led by Bill Marriott and founded in Washington D . C . , is located in Bethesda Maryland and is a key tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Corporation .
San Francisco born Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar State Beech and many buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco .
108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 at a cost of 120m Australian dollars .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms . The orbital period is 8788850000 . 0 and the apoapsis measurement is 6603633000 . 0 km .
Addis Ababa City Hall ' s completion date was in 1964 . Its height is 42 meters and a floor area of 140000 square meters . One tenant is the Government of Addis Ababa .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . , or A . S Roma for short , has its ground in Rome , Italy and has 70634 members . A . S . Roma played in Serie A in 2014 - 15 .
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron , Ohio .
Poaceae from the order of Poales and the order of Commelinids is used on the 1rst runway at Alderney Airport .
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana . The dish also contains sweet potato , which belongs to flowering plants and is of the order of Solanales .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Damon Wayans Jr . He was created by Steven t Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Akeem Priestley is connected to the Orange County Blues Football Club which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
Albuquerque , N . M . has an area of land of 486 . 2 square kilometers and its population density is 1142 . 3 people / sq km . The total area of Albuquerque is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay on March 5th 1913 . He was signed to the Phillips Records label .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , who have 5000 members played in the 2014 season .
The Abilene regional airport serves Abilene , Jones County , Texas .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires which is led by Diego Santilli and has the governing body of Buenos Aires City Legislature .
You can serve a Bakewell pudding warm or cold .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , written in English ( a language spoken in Great Britain ) . The president of the United States is Barack Obama .
The comic character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg .
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottestown in 1986 .
Born in Kent , Adam Holloway , a United Kingdom national , is in the Conservative Party ( UK ) .
Sergio Marchionne is a key figure of Dodge .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas on 15 March 1932 . Before retiring he served as a test pilot .
Lake Placid , N . Y . is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport . This airport is 507 metres above sea level and serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York .
Anaheim , California has a total population of 336265 , the area code of 657 , a UTC offset of - 8 , and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometers .
The Italian sauce arrabbiata has garlic in it , oregano can also be added .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland , USA and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . He was succeeded by William M O Dawson , who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and her alma mater is the Radboud university Nijmegen .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and has represented the Soviet Union national football team .
Andrew Rayel ' s musical genre is Trance .
Saab 9000 and The Alfa Romeo 164 are both cars and therefore related means of transport . The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan , the Saint of which , is Ambrose .
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy where the Italian language is spoken and the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is located .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow , whose senior team play their home games at the Otkrytiye Arena . He later played for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Terek Grozny , whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz music performer who was once signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where Barack Obama is the president and there are many Asian Americans .
Akita , Akita is part of Akita Prefecture .
Antioch and San Francisco Bay area are parts of Contra Costa County in California . The English language is spoken in California .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 .
Alison O ' Donnell played folk music of Ireland .
The shortcrust pastry - based dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) hails from the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader .
Alternative rock has the sub genre Christian alternative rock .
Auburn in King County is part of Washington ( state ) in the U . S . The largest city of Washington state is Seattle . Washington , D . C . is the capital in the U . S .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans and the English language is spoken .
Abner plays for CD FAS in the Salvadoran Primera Division .
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta and led by Joko Widodo . Bakso is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian Counties .
Bhajji comes from the country India where the residents are called Indians and the leader is Narendra Modi . Vajubhai Vala is the leader of Karnataka which is where bhajji are found .
Bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and it contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
United States ' s Ambassador to Norway is William Anders .
1089 Tama , which was formerly known as A919 HA ; 1927 WB , has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin .
Albuquerque , led by a city council ( member : Richard J . Berry ) is located in New Mexico , United States ( home to Asian Americans ) .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion which originated in the US , are bacon and sausage .
Athens International Airport , which is 94 metres above sea level , is in Sparta .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey ) was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 with William Anders as a backup pilot .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey .
The United States is the home country to Amarillo , Texas and Native Americans are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
9312 people voted for Adam Holloway , who worked as a member of Parliament for Gravesham .
The alternative name for the AMC Matador is VAM Classic .
The ALCO RS - 3 , 17068 . 8 mm long with a V12 engine , is built by Montreal Locomotive Works .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Italians live . The capital is Rome and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso , and Sergio Mattarella .
The main ingredients in Bhajji , an Indian dish , are gram flour and vegetables .
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena , and it was completed in December 2008 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Virginia DeMarce is available in print form and can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the nearby city of Appleton . The airport is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway which is 2439 metres long .
Bakso is a dish found in the country of Indonesia and contains the main ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ) . The capital city of the United States is Washington D . C . , and Asian Americans are one of the nation ' s ethnic groups .
The Greek language is spoken in Greece where A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located and Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavloopoulos are leaders .
The authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . It has 448 pages , an ISBN number of 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7and is available in hardcover .
Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is a leader in the Punjab , Pakistan .
Flemish Government jurisdiction is Flemish Region .
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the capital of which is Washington DC . The US is home to Amarillo , part of Potter County in Texas .
Bo Bibbowski , otherwise known as Bibbo , was created by Jerry Ordway .
Agra Airport IATA Location Identifier is AGR .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 , and the epoch date of August 27th 2011 .
Tirstrup is part of the Central Denmark region .
Alfred Moore Scales came from the U . S . where one of the ethnic groups , is , African Americans . Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville , part of the American Civil War conflict , during which , Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Akeem Ayers , was born July 10th , 1989 and his debut team , was the Tennessee Titans . Akeem Ayers used to play for the St . Louis Rams .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ( born in Kingdom of Sarawak ) , resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His successor was , Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
The comic book character Dane Whitman , also known as the Black Knight , was created by Roy Thomas and the American , John Buscema in the comics genre .
The ingredients of binignit include taro and sweet potato , the latter belonging to the solanales order of plants .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician for the band United Bible Studies .
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League . Also in the league are AZAL PFK who play their home matches at AZAL Arena in Shuvalan .
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Crew members of NASA ' s Apollo 8 included William Anders and Frank Borman with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot . William Anders was born in British Hong Kong , graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where Washington DC is the capital . The leader of the United States is known as the President of the United States , and other key leaders include Paul Ryan and Barack Obama .
15 / 33 is the runway name at Afonso Pena International airport .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves the region of New Jersey and is based in New York .
The A - Rosa was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock , Germany . The capital of Germany is Berlin and the German leader ' s name is Norbert Lammert .
Elliot See was born on the 23rd July 1927 in Dallas . He attended the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . The University of Texas will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See died in St . Louis .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15 1932 . He went on to become a test pilot and is now retired .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana , the largest city of that area is Anderson .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC in the Qatar Stars League at Al - Khor and the team is manage by Amar Osim . Alaa Abdul - Zahra is in the Al - Khor Sports Club .
C . D FAS play in the Salvadoran Primera Division and is a former club of the footballer Abner .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located in the city of Athens .
Above the Veil by Garth Nix , OCLC 46451790 , was produced in print .
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Gerard Larcher and the currency is the Euro .
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre and he is a solo singer . Synthpop is a musical derivative of house and disco musics .
Peter Stoger is attached to First Vienna FC and is also in FK Austria Wien Club and SK Vorwarts Steyr . He is currently manager of 1FC Koln .
Born in 1914 in Errata Mississippi , USA , and with a background as a solo singer , Albennie Jones plays blues music .
Alex Tyus plays under coach Zan Tabak for Maccabi Tel Aviv BC in the Turkish Basketball Super League .
With a total area of 144 . 7 SqKm , Albany , is part of Dougherty County , Georgia , in the United States .
Alberto Teisaire came from Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken . He belongs to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron , who married Eva Peron , was in office .
Al Anderson is a Rock musician and member of NRBQ . Rock music has origins in Country music and Fusion ( includes Bhangra ) has its base in Rock .
Ajax Youth Academy is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where the leader is known as the President .
The United States Air Force uses the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon aircraft . The USAF operates the Al Asad Airbase and fought in the Korean War .
Editor of AIP Advances , A T Charlie Johnson , has Stanford University for an almaMater .
The operators of Appleton International Airport are in Outagamie County , Wisconsin .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and was a member of the Hellenic Parliament .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School located in Akron in Summit County , Ohio .
Alan Shepard died on July 21 , 1998 .
Alderney Airport is 88 metres above sea level and has a length of 733 . 0 . It serves Alderney and its 1st runway is made from Asphalt .
Al Anderson ( NRBQ band ) performs country music .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol , Austria - Hungary . He died in Styria , Austria .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC who play in the Qatar stars league , are located in Al Khor and are managed by Amar Osim . He also played for the Tractor Sazi FC club .
The manager of Akron Summit Assault , who play in the 2011 PDL season , is Denzil Antonio .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in India and it has 700 postgraduate students . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Alan Fitzsimmons was the discoverer of 15788 1993 SB .
Hip hop music has its origins in disco and funk while utilizing drum and bass and includes Gangsta rap . Abradab is a hip hop musician .
A Long Long Way , an Irish book , was published by Viking Press and is the prequel to The Secret Scripture .
American solo singer , Aaron Deer , from Indiana , is a performer of the music genre Indie rock .
Operated by the Indian Air Force , Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand .
The demonym of the inhabitants of Greece is Greeks .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument falls under the category of Contributing property and is in Pennsylvania .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region where Susana Diaz is the leader .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain . The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig and the country ' s leader is Felipe VI .
Singer Al Anderson is a member of rock band NRBQ . Rock is derived from Blues and a fusion of rock is Bhangra .
Ace Wilder is an exponent of Hip hop music which has a sub genre called Gangsta rap and the stylistic origin is disco .
The governing body in Buenos Aires is the Buenos Aires City Legislature .
1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 Kilometers and an average speed of 16 . 54 km / s .
Anders Osborne plays rock mus8c and started performing in 1989 . He is associated with Billy Iuso , Tab Benoit and the Galactic band .
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland , where Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipilä are leaders .
Having been made in Italy , the Alfa Romeo is like the Fiat Croma car which in turn is related to the Opel Vectra car .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger , who ' s club is FC Admira Wacker Modling .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans and the leader of the country is called the President .
German is an official language of Belgium .
William Anders is a US national , who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He received a M . S . from his alma Mater , AFIT . H was a fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963 and retired on the 1st September , 1969 .
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and started his career in 2009 . He performs Trance music and is associates with Christian Burns and Mark Sima .
The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS .
Arem - arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine that originates in Indonesia , the country where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders .
Alan B . Miller Hall in the U . S . was completed on June 1st , 2009 and has a tenant called the The Mason School of Business .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish – Soviet War and has won the Cross of Independence award .
The Spanish dish Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , where the leader is Ximo Puig . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI and the currency used in the country is the euro .
Akron is a part of Summit County , Ohio , where the leader is the Mayor . Akron is in the United States , where the capital is Washington D . C . , and where Native Americans , are one of the ethnic groups .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia , in the United States .
Alfons Gorbach was a politician from the Austrian People ' s Party .
Julia Morgan from San Francisco was the designer of the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia . Avocado , which is part of the Lauraceae family , is one of the ingredients .
Abner is a footballer who currently plays for Real Madrid Castilla where Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager . He also belongs to the club CD FAS and plays for Coritiba Football club .
Alan Frew , who is a solo singer , was born in the United Kingdom .
The Aids Journal ' s discipline is HIV / AIDS .
Anderson , is part of the Anderson Township , in Madison County , Indiana , in the United States .
Stuart Parker is the manager of AFC Blackpool . He own club was Stockport County FC and he has represented KV Mechelen .
Austin , Texas has the area code 512 , a population density of 1296 . 65 people per sq km and an area of 703 . 95 sq km .
The United States Air Force , who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of Panama and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers , and use the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle fighter aircraft .
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . The dish comes from the region of the Valencian Community of Spain .
Aaron Bertram play for the Suburban Legends band which plays rock music .
The comic book writer , Roger McKenzie , is a United States national .
The Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research centre discovered the asteroid ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 on its epoch date of 2013 - 11 - 04 . That celestial body has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and a periapsis of 41498400000 .
Arlington is located in Tarrant County , Texas whose county seat is Fort Worth in the United States .
Gus Poyet is associated with the Real Zaragoza , a football club .
The Houston Texans , based in the city of Houston , was Akeem Dent ' s former team .
Baked Alaska , coming from France , is a dessert and can be served as an alternative to the confectionery based Sandesh .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and the surface of its 1st runway is poaceae .
Walter Baade , who had a doctoral student named Allan Sandage , was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and studied at the University of Gottingen . He discovered 1036 Ganymed and later died in West Germany .
The test pilot Alan Bean , born 1932 - 03 - 15 in Wheeler , Texas , was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Post metal musician Aaron Turner , is a member of Isis and formerly of Old Man Gloom .
The novel Aenir was followed by Above the Veil .
Hip hop music originated stylistically from disco and funk , and has given rise to drum and bass . Allen Forrest performs the musical genre of hip hop and is associated with the band The Black Eyed Peas .
Auburn is part of King County , Washington in the U . S . he Washington state capital is Olympia .
The American Submarine NR - 1 has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft located in Germany . It is operated by the AIDA Cruise Line and owned by Costa Crociere whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc .
James Craig Watson , a Canadian , discovered 103 Hera . His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison Wisconsin . 103 Hera has an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The National Park Service is the owner of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument and located in the state of Maryland .
Anaheim , California is located within the United States .
Abilene , Texas ( capital : Austin ) is located within the United States .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , operated by AFC Ajax . The tenant is Jong Ajax .
The Senate for the Netherlands was the workplace of Ab Klink , who went to the Erasmus University in Rotterdam , which was affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Uruguayans are the people of Uruguay , which is the place of birth for Alfredo Zitarrosa , in Montevideo . The Uruguay leader is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez .
Arlington ( the capital of Texas ) is located in tarrant county . Fort Worth is the county seat of tarrant county .
Belguim ' s official language is German .
The American Karl Kesel created the comic character Auron .
William Anders and Frank Borman were Apollo 8 were crew members .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Japan , which is part of Akita Prefecture .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Aiport is located in Madrid , part of the community of Madrid in Spain where the leading party is Ahora Madrid .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , part of Luanda Province .
The Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addis Ababa .
Antioquia Department is the region of Colombia where Bandeja paisa comes from . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Born in the USA in 1914 , Albennie Jones was a solo singer who played the blues .
Produced in print , Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100 , an ISBN of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 and is 320 pages long .
Mario Botta is the dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the Swiss city of Mendrisio . It was established in 1996 . The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 .
Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in California . Born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923 he later graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA . He retired on 1 August 1974 having been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , .
Andra sings rhythm and blues , of which funk is a derivative .
Binignit is a dish from the Phillippines , whose ingredients include taro .
The epoch for ( 29075 ) 1950 DA is on the 27th of August 2010 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak on 1936 - 05 - 21 . He resides in Sarawak and represented Asajaya . Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Alan Shepard who was born in New Hampshire held the title Chief of the Astronaut Office .
A . F . C Fylde has 3180 members .
Auburn is part of King County in Washington , in the United States .
Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Bundelkhand , is led by Ram Naik and is the location of Agra Airport .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . The operating organization for the International Airport is Infraero . It is 1800 meters long and 911 meters above sea level .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Iraq .
Rolls Royce Power Systems parent company MTU located in Friedrichsafen produces the engines for the A - Rosa Luna .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is found in Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister Artur Rasizade .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Spartak Moscow who play at the Otkrytiye Arena , but he also plays for FC Amkar Perm who are managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
The AZAL PFK ( abbreviated from " AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu " ) , with 3500 members , competed in The Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 - 15 .
Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey , a country which is the located of the bronze Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 .
Akeem Dent ' s place of birth is Atlanta , Georgia .
Connecticut Mayor Alfred N . Phillips . born in Darien , Connecticut , was succeeded by Albert E . Austin .
Andrew Rayel whose musical genre is trance music , which originated in House music , is associated with the musical artists Bobina and Christian Burns .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 .
Adirondack Regional Airport , serving the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , has an elevation of 507 meters .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Civil War ; where Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Buzz Aldrin , a US National , is retired but was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was a fighter pilot and selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member of Apollo 11 .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) play in the Hoofdklasse league .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an epoch date of 31 . 12 . 2006 , a mass of 5 . 6 kg and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 .
The band Kaiser Chiefs included the musician Andrew White who started his musical career in 2003 . He is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and is signed to the record label B - Unique records .
The leader of Switzerland is titled the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
Angola , Indiana is part of the U . S . where Asian Americans are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 1923 - 11 - 18 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
A Clerk ( municipal official ) is the leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey , where Don Guardian is the leader . Atlantic City ; has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre , a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres , and the area code 609 .
Beef kway teow originates from Indonesia . It can also be found in Singapore where English is commonly spoken and the country ' s leader is Halimah Yacob .
Aleksandr Chumakov ' s club is the Soviet Union national football team .
The total area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres , the area of land is 486 . 2 square kilometers .
Tim Brooke - Taylor , born in England , starred in Bananaman .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol ' s runway length is 3400 . 0 .
Post - metal ( which involves the Cello ) artist Aaron Turner is associated with Twilight and Sumac .
Alex Tyus ' club is Pallacanestro Cantu .
Born in Athens , Adonis Georgiadis , was in office while the Prime Minister was Antonis Samaras , who was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , managed A . C . Lumezzane and has previously played for Atalanta BC and A . C . Chievo Verona .
Poaceae , which is of the order poales and in the class Monocotyledon , is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Abner W Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens , and died in Alexandria in Virginia . He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
The Atlas 11 originated from the US where the capital city is Washington D . C , the leader is the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
Alphonse Borrelly discovered 110 Lydia which has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 and a mass of 6 . 7 kg . It ' s orbital period is 142603000 . 0 and the apoapsis measures 440756000 . 0 kms .
" A Glastonbury Romance " can be found in hardcover and as the OCLC number 76798317 .
Birmingham , which is led by the Labour politician John Clancy , is the home town of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
101 Helena has an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 days and an epoch of December 31st 2006 .
The Guiana Space Centre , where the ELA - 3 is located and the Ariane 5 was launched , has its headquarters at Kourou in French Guiana .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are found in New York City in the US . Manhattan is part of New York City , New York and is led by Gale Brewer .
A . F . C . Blackpool is part of the North West Counties Football League .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory and has an epoch of 6th March 2006 . It has an orbital period of 7729430000 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where white South Africans are an ethnic group .
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana , where Attica , which is part of Fountain County , is located . Covington is the county seat of Fountain County in the US .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . The country is led by Haider al - Abadi and uses the Kurdish languages .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat . Gujarat ' s leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and his name is Anandiben Patel .
Parkersburg , West Virginia is in the country , the United States .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
Adam McQuaid was born in Charlottetown and weighs 94 . 8024 kgs .
William M . O . Dawson was born in Bloomington , Maryland and succeeded Albert B . White , who was married to , Agnes Ward White .
Founded in the U . S . in California , the Caterpillar Co . built the engine that powered the AIDAluna .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , United States . Cyrus Vance Jr is the leader of Manhattan .
300 North Lasalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Saab 9000 are similar means of transport . The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan , a city whose patron saint is Ambrose .
Ahmet Davutoglu is President of Turkey whose capital is Ankara . The bronze Ataturk Monument found in Turkey was inaugurated on July 27th 1932 .
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music , a style that originated from disco and funk .
Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council which leads Albuquerque , New Mexico , in the United States . This country has Native Americans as one of the ethnic groups , and English as the language .
Cornell University in the city of Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
The stylistic origin of synthpop is new wave music .
The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur . The Malaysian chinese and Malaysian Malay are both ethnic groups in this country . Asam pedas , a dish from Sumatra , may also be found in Malaysia .
Alan Martin is a footballer for Leeds United FC .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . His Alma mater was AFIT and he graduated in 1962 with a M . S . He retired from his career as a fighter pilot on September 1 , 1969 .
Andra is a singer of the Pop music genre . She is associated with the singer Puya and the musician Marius Moga .
Almond is one of the ingredients in Ajoblanco which is from the Andalusia region , in the country of Spain .
Alfred N . Phillips served in the United States , Army .
MTU Friedrichshafen is owned by Rolls - Royce Holdings .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors .
Antioch is located in Contra Costa County which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area in California .
Rhythm and Blues musician Ahmet Ertegun is a non performance artist . R & B is the root of Disco .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda province , Angola .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Al - Zawra ' a SC with a manager named Basim Qasim . Another club of his is the Steel Azin F . C . in Iran ' s Football 3rd Division .
The AIDAluna is 252m long andhad its maiden voyage on March 22 2009 .
The league SV Werder Bremen II play in is 3 . Liga .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press .
The footballer Alan Martin has previously played for Aldershot Town FC and Hamilton Academicals FC .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ( in Karnataka ) is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west .
California uses the spoken language of English and is the location of Antioch . The city is part of Contra Costa County and is led by the United States House of Representatives ( part of the United States Congress ) .
Akeem Priestley , who currently plays for the Jamaica national football team and the Dayton Dutch Lions played for the youth club Connecticut Huskies .
Arlington , Texas , has a population density , of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre where the total area is 258 . 2 Sq . kl .
The record label of the musician Andrew White is Polydor Records .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron , Ohio ( USA ) . This state is currently led by Dan Horrigan .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was the sequel to 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
The USAF , veterans of the invasion of Grenada with F16 fighting flacons operates Al Asad Airbase .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka , the country which has the Sri Lankan rupee as its currency and Ranil Wickremesinghe as its leader .
107 Camilla was discovered by C . Woods .
Carles Puigdemont is the leader of Catalonia . Arròs negre , from the Catalonia region , is a traditional dish from Spain .
Solo singer , Andra , is a performer of Rhythm and blues which originated from blues music and has Funk as a derivative .
Alvah Sabin , who died in Sycamore , Illinois , represented Vermont .
Agra airport , in india has an identifier of VIAG and is operated by Airports Authority of India .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Karnataka has to its west the Arabian Sea .
Inuktitut is a language spoken in Canada where Aaron Boogaard was born .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Mendrisio , Switzerland . The country ' s legislature is the Federal Assembly and it ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor , Johann Schneider - Ammann . The national anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument can be found in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Jazz player Alison O ' Donnell records for Deram Records and Static Caravan Recordings .
Greece , where the local inhabitants are known as Greeks , is led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis . Athens is a city in Greece which is served by Athens International airport .
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia .
Andrew Rayel is associated with many other artist , including House musician Armin van Buuren and Bobina . He has also worked with Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members .
Luciano Spalletti , who has been associated with Udinese Calcio , manages A . S . Roma who play in Serie A . Juventus FC have been Serie A champions .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh with the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG .
The 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic transmission . It has a station wagon style body and an alternative name of the Dodge Coronet .
Ayam penyet is a dish found in Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group . However , it originates from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader .
Abraham A Ribicoff was married to Casey Ribicoff and was born in New Britain , Connecticut , USA . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the US .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . Georgia Vermont is the birthplace of Alvah Sabin , who represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore , Illinois .
Abilene , Texas , in the US , is served by the Abilene Regional Airport .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , capital of which is Athens and the leader is Nikos Voutsis .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States , where the inhabitants are Armericans , English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell , the publisher of the journal Addiction . Addiction is the abbreviated version of the Addiction journal .
one of the ingredients of Batchoy is Pork .
Spanish is the language of Spain and the people are Spaniards . Ajoblanco , a food found in Andalusia ( whose leader is Susana Diaz ) originates from Spain .
1 . FC Köln has 50000 members and played in the 2014 season .
The Battle of Salem Church , in which Aaron S Daggett fought and in which Robert E Lee was a commander , was part of the American Civil War .
A . C . Cesena is in the Serie B league .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , part of Gran Asuncion .
Abraham Lincoln was a commander during the American Civil War , which included the Battle of Cold Harbour in which Aaron S Daggett participated .
Aaron S Daggett has fought in battles , the most notable being the Battle of Fredericksburg .
110 Lydia has a rotation period of 39332 . 9 .
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula in Malaysia , the capital of which is Putrajaya , and whose ethnic groups include the Malay and the Malaysian Chinese .
Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORAA . The runway , which is named 09L / 27R has a length of 3992 . 88 .
The ELA - 3 , which is operated by Arianespace , is located at the Guiana Space Centre , whose headquarters are located in French Guiana . The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad .
The epoch of 1089 Tama , formerly known as 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 , is 2005 - 11 - 26 . It has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University was established in 1928 .
AS Roma competed in the 2014 season .
Ab Klink , born in Stellendam , attended Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs . He was a member of the Senate .
Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 m high .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and fought in World War II , when Joseph Stalin was a commander .
Union Township is in Madison County , which is in Indiana , in the United States .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae . This plant is in the class Monocotyledon as well as belonging to the division of flowering plants and being part of the Poales order .
The Atlas 11 comes from the Us and was launched from Cape Canaveral .
AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the UK where English is the main language .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York part of Harrietstown and Essex County , New York , U . S .
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and was a member of the House of Representatives .
Anders Osborne plays rock music and signed with Alligator Records and Rabadash Record labels . Alligator Records is in Chicago .
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the U . S . where there is a state called TX that has a county called potter and a city called amarillo and english is spoken .
Auburn is part of Pierce and King Counties in Washington state . The state is part of the United States .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge in the Essex County in New Jersey and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew operated by NASA where William Anders was the backup pilot .
The city of Albany , Georgia , USA is in Dougherty county .
The leader of the United States is known as the President of the United States .
110 Lydia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per second and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 km .
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region in Italy and it ' s used in an Italian meal . Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce as well as tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
Anders Osborne was signed to the Chicago based record label , Alligator Records . His genre is rock music and his record label is Shanachie Records .
Alvah Sabin , was born in Georgia , Vermont , and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont .
The AIDAluna , with a 252000 . 0 mm length , was christened 4 / 4 / 2009 and had its maiden voyage 3 / 22 / 2009 .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has the OCLC number 76798317 .
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov and Aleksandr Prudnikov played for their youth team .
The construction of Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , was completed in 1931 .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with the following artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Motine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi . Trance originates from pop .
One of Alan Shepards achievements was being awarded the distinguished service medal by the United States Navy . He later died in California .
Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands and resided in Doesburg . She worked for the socialist party , which has Emile Roemer as its leader . Netherlands is ran by Mark Rutte .
Carroll County Maryland is located to the southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania where the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located . The monument is categorised as a contributing property .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . Switzerland is led by its Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . Its anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
Alexandria is part of Monroe township , Madison County , Indiana . The town is located in the United States .
The Rover Co . succeeded the Alvis Car and Engineering Co .
Rodolfo Llopis was succeeded by Felipe González , who was Prime Minister at the time that Abel Caballero was in office . This was when , Roman born Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch .
Aleksandre Guruli , height : 178 . 0 centimetres , plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club . He has also played for FC Dinamo Batumi .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria which is led by Doris Bures , and later died in Styria .
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France with the Royal Artillery who have a garrison at Hohne . He fought in the Battle of France where Hugo Sperrle was a commander .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines who have their headquarters in Ashgabat .
Acura TLX is assembled in Marysville , Ohio . It is a luxury class of vehicle , has front wheel and all wheel drive along with a Honda K engine .
Alan Bean was a member of the Apollo 12 crew , his nationality is United States and the operator of Apollo 12 was NASA .
Romania ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis .
The Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the leader is known as the President . Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups there .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office with Mike Akhigbe and was in the Nigerian Air Force .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V - 2 derives from Argentina and the ship ' s beam measures 24 . 4 .
The dish ayam penyet has the ingredient of fried chicken and originates from Malaysia and Indonesia .
Aleksandr Prydnikov is in the FC Terek Grozny club which is located in Grozny . He plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar .
Indonesian speaking Indonesia ( capital ; Jakarta ) , led by Jodo Widodo offers the Chinese dish Basko .
The celestial body known as ( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an orbital period of 69862200 and a mass of 4 . 0 kgs .
Trance music has its origins in House music . Andrew Rayel , a trance musician , is associated with Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , it has 17000 members and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , which is based in Brazil and the current champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
An ingredient in the dish bandeja paisa is chorizo , the dish comes from the antioquia department and is typical Colombian cuisine .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th , 1907 and is in the United States .
Akeem Ayers , whose former team is St Louis Rams , now plays for Los Angeles Rams and his draft pick is 39 .
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area , in the United States . The main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . It contains condensed milk , fruit , sour cream , granola , coconut and raisins .
The manager of A . S . Roma is Luciano Spalletti , who was at the club Virtus Entella .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq , the airbase has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a SC . D . in 1963 . Shortly after his graduation he was selected by NASA and served both as a fighter pilot and a crew member on Apollo 11 .
The mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is 265 . 0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 kilometres . It has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , was involved in the Battle of France .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka , Ampara .
Barny Cakes can be found in France , where French is spoken and Francois Hollande is the leader .
Audi was founded by August Horch and owned by Ducati and has subsidiaries , Audi e - tron and the Quattro Gmbh . It is the maker of the Audi A1 .
Aenir is available in print and has the ISBN number of " 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 " .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association . It was created in 1928 and its dean today is Thomas Pallesen . It has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Al - Jaish SC ( Syria ) .
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines where the language is Philippine English .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s motto is Nurturing Excellence .
Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which has the nickname of Uab and is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Alba , Romania .
Blockbuster is a comic character that was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 .
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and his career ended on 30th March 1979 .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . , where English is spoken . In that country is the state of Texas , the largest city of which , is Houston . Also in the that state , is Abilene .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members .
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft in Papenburg .
Lemon ( part of the rutaceae family ) , is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian dish from the Antioquia Department .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monuments are in Maryland and are owned by the National Park Service .
Afonso Pena International Airport , with a runway length of 1800 . 00 , is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais .
The Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infrareo . The airport is situated 911 meters above sea level in Sao Jose dos Pinhais .
Allen Forrest started his career in 2005 .
Akita Akita is found in the country of Japan .
Akeem Ayers , made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and used to play for Los Angeles Ram . The club is based in Los Angeles , and play home games at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras , are leaders in Greece , where Greek is spoken and the money used is the Euro . A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Easter Province , Sri Lanka .
The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is made from asphalt .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where the leader is known as the President . One of the leaders in the United States is Joe Biden . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States .
The runway name of Al Asad Airbase is 08 / 26 .
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero , Brasilia . The airport is 911 meters above sea level and its runway length 2215 .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia and includes olive oil .
Frank Borman was a member of the crew on Apollo 8 .
Binignit recipes typically contain sweet potatoes and sago . Sweet potatoes belong to the order Solanales .
A Wizard of Mars was written in English and published in the United States . The United States is led by Barack Obama and has African Americans as one of its ethnic groups .
The Acura TLX is assembled in Marysville , Ohio and has an Inline - four engine .
The . Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 within the city of Mendrisio , a neighbouring municipality to Meride .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was made by Abarth .
Alaa Abdul Zahra played for the club Al - Zawra ' a SC .
Alan Shepard is an American .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( nickname : Alvinegro ) competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and their ground holds 17000 fans .
Gabriela Michetti is a leader in Buenos Aires where Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina . Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President and his place of death was Buenos Aires .
Andra plays Rhythm and Blues , a music genre that also gave rise to Funk and Disco .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s academic staff total is ~ 500 .
James Craig Watson who discovered the 101 Helena died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
Born in Kent , Adam Holloway , served in the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War . Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War .
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 .
Alex Tyus weighs 99 . 792 kg .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , and died in California . He was selected by NASA in 1959 , after graduating from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 .
Bionico and cookies are desserts . Bionico originates from Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin with a BS in 1955 and was chosen by NASA in 1963 . He was on the crew of Apollo 12 , operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott .
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and serves the city of Aaarhus . The airport is situated 25 meters above sea level and its 2702 . 0 long runway is called 10R / 28L .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operate Atlantic City International airport which is 23 metres above sea level . The runway name is 13 / 31 and is 1873 . 0 in length .
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade .
Abilene , Texas , served by Abilene Regional airport , is part of Jones county , Texas , USA .
Andrews County Airport ' s 4th runway has a length in feet of 25 .
Arlington is part of Texas in the United States . The capital city of the states is Austin and its largest city is Houston .
The main ingredient of Binignit , found in the Philippines , is coconut milk .
When in Mexico , you ' ll want to know Spanish is their spoken language and Bionico is a food found there .
Born in New Britain , Connecticut , Abraham A . Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and was succeeded by , Anthony J . Celebrezze .
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arròs negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain .
1971 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which was assembled in Mexico City .
American Motors makes the AMC Matador where Roy D . Chapin Jr . is a key person .
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Aldershot Town F . C . footballer , Alan Martin , played football for Accrington Stanley F . C . , the ground of which , is Accrington .
101 Helena was discovered on August 15th 1868 .
William Anders has retired .
Ernie Colón and Dan Mishkin are among the creators of the comic character Bolt .
Albany , Georgia has a population density of 535 people per square kilometer , its total area is 144 . 7 sq kms and is elevated 62 meters above sea level .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in English and preceded 1634 The Bavarian Crisis written by Eric Flint .
The AIDAluna is 252 metres in length and is a Sphinx class cruise ship .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where you will find Arem arem .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
Uruguay uses the peso and is led by Tabare Vazquez . Alfredo Zitarrosa died in , Daniel Martinez led , Montevideo , Uruguay .
New York City is part of Manhattan .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK where David Cameron is the leader .
Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana is part of the United States .
Andrew White started his music career in 2003 and now plays for Kaiser Chiefs . He signed with B - Unique Records and also was with Universal records which is now defunct . Mr . White is associated with Marry Banilow , musician .
Money in Indonesia is called the Indonesian rupiah .
Abraham A Ribicoff is from the United States , born in New Britain , Connecticut . Casey Ribicoff was the spouse of Abraham A . Ribicoff , who died in the United States , the country where one of the ethnic groups is , African Americans .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York on Staten Island and died in New Mexico Territory .
Adare Manor is in the Irish speaking Republic of Ireland , where the leader is Enda Kenny .
The Atlas II was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . It is 3 . 04m in diameter and the final flight was on 1998 - 03 - 16 .
The film Big Hero 6 stars Damon Wayans , Jr .
Auburn , Alabama is located in the United States ( capital city : Washington D . C . ) and the Native Americans are one of the country ' s ethnic group .
Bananaman the TV series was shown on the BBC which was founded by John Reith , 1st Baron Reith and is located in the Broadcasting House in London .
AZAL PFK Bakou which has 3500 members is playing in the Azerbaijan PremierLeague , 2014 – 15 .
The Antares rocket first voyage was on January 9 , 2014 .
The UTC offset for Antioch California is - 7 .
Erasmus University in Rotterdam ( MBA Association ) is the alma mater of Netherlands born and Senate member , Ab Klink .
Aaron Turner ' s genre is Ambient music .
Bakewell pudding , whose ingredients include ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs , was created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield . being a historic district in the United States .
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria , Austria where Doris Bures is a leader .
The start date of building 250 Delaware Avenue was January 2014 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones .
Aaron Turner plays ambient electronic guitar .
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Brazil .
Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia , where the language is Indonesian . It is also where Arem - arem is served , nationwide but more specific to Java .
Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is located in Marousi and is the home ground of AEK Athens FC .
The Ataturk monument ( Izmir ) is made out of bronze . It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas , the United States . The capital of the United States is Washington DC and they speak English .
Lippincott Williams & Wilkins are the publishers of AIDS ( journal ) , they are based in the United States and their parent company is Walters Kluwer .
Alison O ' Donnell plays folk rock music and signed with Deram Record label and also Floating World Records . Deram Records is in London .
Albert B White died on the 3rd July 1941 .
Ajoblanco ( also called Ajo blanco ) originates from Andalusia , Spain . Bread is a main ingredient .
Aaron Boogaard ' s club is Wichita Thunder .
Max Huiberts is associated with the club AZ Alkmaar .
Production of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe began in 1958 , it has a wheelbase of 2160mm , a Coupe body style and a straight four engine .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst and was in office during President Adolf Schärf ' s reign .
The total area of Atlanta is 347 . 1 SqKm .
Abilene and Austin ( capital of ) , Texas are part of the U . S . The United States has its largest city as New York and has English as its spoken language .
Agra Airport is in India and operated by Airports Authority of India . Its ICAO Location ID is VIAG . The airport is 167 . 94 m above sea level and its runway 1818 m long .
The ISSN number for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg ( abbreviating to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) is 0025 - 5858 .
The Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport .
A Storrs discovered 107 Camilla , the epoch of which , is 31 December 2006 .
A . C . Cesena has 23900 members and its ground is located in Italy . They play in Serie B league where Carpi 1909 are previous champions .
The author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is Virginia DeMarce .
Alberto Teisaire belonged to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Perón , the husband of Eva Peron , was president . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where Diego Santilli is leader .
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 under reference number 80002709 and is located on Avenue A , Manhattan .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol who are in the Uruguayan Primera División . He later played for Central Español and U . S . Città di Palermo , the latter of which was managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
California is well known for the gemstone benitoite , and as the state where Alan Shepard died .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is the primary language . Additionally , the United states has an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
AIDA Cruises , who own AIDAluna , are found at Rostock .
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja pais which originates from the Paisa region of Colombia .
Ab Klink , who was born in the Netherlands , belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal Party .
The Antares rocket , which was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport is comparable with the Delta II . The US manufactured Delta II was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 .
Pietro Grasso is the leader in Italy where the Italian language is used and the capital city is Rome . AC Lumezzane play in the country .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam which took place during the American Civil War , during which , Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud .
Alan Martin ( footballer ) was born on the 1st January 1989 .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul , and the leader - the President of Turkey - is called Ahmet Davutoglu .
Adam Holloway worked as a Member of parliament .
1089 Tama has an average speed of 19 . 94 kilometres per second , an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , America and went to school at NWC , graduating with an MA in 1957 . He was a test pilot and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy , which is higher that the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California .
There are 14 . 2 square kilometers of water in Abilene , Texas .
20 Fenchurch Street in London was designed by Rafael Vinoly . A leader of London is Boris Johnson along with the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso and Rome is the capital . A . S . Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D , of which S . S . Robur Siena are champions .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres and a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
coconut milk is an ingredient in Binignit .
The country Barny Cakes come from is France .
Condensed milk is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico .
Opelika is the county seat of Lee County , Alabama .
Born Ridgewood , Queens , on 11 - 04 - 1921 , Abner W . Sibal , was a member of the Republican party of the United States . He worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , whose club is Berliner AK 07 , and he has also represented FC Sachsen Leipzig .
The fullname of A . C . Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . and their ground in Verona holds 39371 fans . The club competed in the 2014 season .
The Ariane 5 was lauched at the ELA - 3 operated by Arianespace . It is located at the Guiana Space Centre which has its HQ at Kourou in French Guiana .
Bionico is found in Mexico ; it is served at the dessert course and honey can be added to it . Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico .
Arem - arem , with ingredients such as banana leaf , vegetables and minced meat is a javanese dish which can be served as a main course .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore . It is also found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group .
San Marcos is the largest city in Hays County which is the location of Austin , Texas .
Ayam penyet is from Indonesia .
In the Republic of Ireland they speak Irish .
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC . The Marriott International Hotel is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark where Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader .
Bacon Explosion is a main course and originates from the United States . Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
Ayam penyet is from Indonesia and is made nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore . The main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal .
Andra sings for a living .
Andrew Rayel ' s musical genre is Trance and he is associated with Bobina and Jwaydan Moyine .
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States . Bacon Explosion is a main course and it includes bacon as its main ingredient and sausage as another ingredient .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory and its epoch is 6th March 2006 .
Aaron Turner is a Black Metal musician and one of its fusions is Death Metal .
Alexandria , Indiana is 265m above sea level .
The total area of water in Anaheim , California is 25 . 2 square kilometres .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America where the capital city is Washington DC and Amarillo is located in Texas .
The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is trance music and he started his career in 2009 . Andrew Rayel is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
Donal O ' Ceallaigh discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 SB .
A . D . Isidro Metapán ' s ground is in Metapán and the club has 10000 members .
The Alhambra , with a top speed of 18 . 52 , is 63800 . 0 mm long and has an 8 . 3 m ship beam .
The U . S . A . ' s Abilene Regional Airport , which is part of Taylor County in Texas , serves the city of Abilene . The runway at the airport is 2 , 195 long .
Abel Hernandez , who was a member of the youth club Penarol , plays for the Uruguay national football team and the US Citta di Palermo club .
The Aston Martin V8 is a convertible with a 5 . 3 litre engine .
Americans is the name given to people who live in the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The US is home to Albany , which has a Mayor as the leader and is part of the state of Georgia .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States . Newark is also the largest city of New Jersey .
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has the runway name 10R / 28L .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Eric Flint , has 448 pages and is available in hardcover .
Abradab was born in Katowice , in Poland .
The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . A neighbouring municipality to Mendrisio is Meride .
The epoch of 101 Helena is 2006 - 12 - 31 and it has an orbit of 1516 . 6700000000003 days and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Brooklyn is a part of New York City .
Akeem Dent was born on September 27 , 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia . He is a former member of the Houston Texans .
The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine , who are located in Peoria , Illinois .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Esteghlal Ahvaz F C which is managed by Adnan Hamad . He also plays for Steel Azin FC .
Aaron Turner , a black metal musician , was born in Massachusetts and started performing in 1995 . HE used to be in a band called Twilight but now performs in a band called the Lotus Eaters band .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Steel Azin FC and he plays for PAS Tahran FC .
The Alan B Miller Hall ' s location is 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia . It was designed by Robert A . M . Stern and was completed on 1 June 2009 .
Alhambra is owned by P & O and is powered by the Deptford - located Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in is Manchester , England , where the majority is the Labour Party , and he died in Sidcup .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace was the Kingdom of Sarawak where he also resides . Mr . Mahmud represented the Asajaya region as a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party .
Alfredo Zitarrosa performs Zamba music .
American test pilot Alan Bean , born Mar 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree .
Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Halimah Yacob . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and this is one of the places that Ayam penyet comes from , the other being Singapore .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under - 17 football team which is coached by Alessandro Dal Canto .
The editors of AIP Advances are Vicent H . Crespi , Bernard S . Gerstman , A . T . Charlie Johnson , Masaaki Tanaka , Enge G . Wang .
American Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He was hired by NASA in 1963 as a test pilot and spent in Space 100305 . 0 minutes . Now he is retired .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , whose headquarters are in Turkmenistan .
Binignits main ingredient is sweet potato and also taro .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for AZAL PFK .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff and is located in Switzerland where Johann Schneider - Ammann is the country ' s leader .
Aaron Turner is originally from Massachusetts .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain where Arròs negre is a traditional dish .
NRBQ rock musician Al Anderson was born 03 / 13 / 1947 and is a former member of The Wildweeds .
The comic character Dane Whitman Black Knight , created by Roy Thomas and John Buscema , is also known as simply Dane Whitman .
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and a total floor area of 3746 . 66 ( square metres ) . It is located at 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae , which is in the Monocotyledon class and is in the order of Commelinids .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart , which key ingredient is Shortcrust pastry . Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales , which leader is Patrick McLoughlin .
Hip hop music has origins in disco and funk and gives itself to Drum and Bass . Hip hop is the style of artist Ace Wilder .
Ab Klink , who was born in the Netherlands , went to Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs . Klink worked as a Member of the House of Representatives .
A . F . C . Fylde ' s ground is in Warton , Fylde , Lancashire and the club has 3180 members .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . Meride ' s neighbouring municipality is Meride . Switzerland ' s anthem is the Swiss Psalm , and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the United States , he was married to Casey Rubicoff . An ethnic group of the United States are African Americans .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , U . S . is led by John Sanchez one leader in the New Mexico Senate . Asian Americans are one ethnic group in the U . S . where English is spoken .
Alfredo Zitarrosa , who started as a solo singer , records Zamba music for Odeon Records .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County but most of it is located in DeKalb County in Georgia .
Aaron Turner plays Post - metal for the band Twilight and also played for the Greymachine band .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is made of red granite and white marble and can be found in Azerbaijan . It is also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 .
John Cowper Powys from Shirley , Derbyshire , is the author of Owen Glendower and A Glastonbury Romance .
The former name of 10 Hygiea was A900 GA .
The dance pop Andra was born in 1986 in Romania and began her career as a solo singer .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is categorised as a historic district in the United States and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 ( formerly called 1999 SN5 ) has an epoch date of 2013 - 11 - 04 and its periapsis is 41498400000 . 0 Gm .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets whose general manager is Jarmo Kekelainen .
Garlic is and ingredient of Ajoblanco , a food found in Andalusia , in Spain .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Harrietstown , New York .
Massimo Drago played for S . S . D . Potenza Calcio .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , was built in Helsinki , at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard . The Aleksey Chirikov ; has a length of 99 . 83 metres , a 21 . 2 m long ship beam and is in service .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis - formerly known as " 1928 SJ " is 31 December 2006 .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William M O Dawson who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is made from rock .
September 18th 2013 was the date of the final flight of the Antares rocket .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Joe Biden is one of the leaders . In the United States they speak English , Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D . C .
Greece is inhabited by Greeks .
The third runway at Abilene Regional Airport is 7 , 202 feet long .
The Columbus Blue Jackets in Columbus , Ohio drafted Adam McQuaid .
Bionico and cookie are types of dessert .
Abilene is part of Texas , United States and English is the country ' s official language . The capital city of the U . S . is Washington D . C . and its largest city is New York .
Alternative rock originates from new wave and Punk rock with the sub genre of Christian alternative rock , and the basis for Nu metal fusion . Andrew White is an alternative rock musician .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . with the LCCN number of 89646863 and the ISSN number of 1046 - 8188 .
The A - Rosa Luna is classed as a cruise ship .
Andrew Rayel is musically connected to Jwaydan Moyine and Jonathan Medelsohn .
Italian born Michele Marcolini has managed AC Lumezzane . He is also part of the Atalanta BC club and owns Torino FC .
Alpharetta , Georgia has a population density of 992 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The United States Army was involved in battles of the American Revolutionary War .
Bakewell tart contains Frangipane and is a variation of Bakewell pudding that originates from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire .
Albert B White was born on September 22nd , 1856 and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
The Hong Kong born William Anders is a retired fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963 , and was a crew member on Apollo 8 .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N . V . .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture .
Acharya Institute of Technology ( president B M Reddy ) is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , India and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " .
04 / 22 Oostbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama was once leader . The capital is Washington D . C . and White Americans are one ethnic group .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County , which in turn , is part of the San Francisco Bay Area , in California , where Spanish is spoken . the United States House of Representatives , is the leader title of Antioch .
The United State House of Representatives is the leader of Antioch , California which is in Contra Costa County which is part of the San Fransisco Bay area where English is spoken .
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain .
Viking Press is in the United States .
The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady , New York .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army , an army which fought in the Korean War .
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of 2006 . 12 . 31 and a rotation period of 95040 . 0 .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud .
The average speed of 103 Hera is 18 . 09 km per sec .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . S . Roma , which is playing in the Serie A .
The ELA - 3 is located at the Guiana Space Centre which was the launch site of the Ariane . Arianespace is in Courcouronnes and the HQ of the Guiana Space Centre is in Kourou , French Guiana .
The comic book character Airman was created by both Harry Sahle and George Kapitan .
The U . S . A . is led by a president , is home to African Americans and among its cities is Angola in Indiana .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and Mexican Spanish is spoken . Bionico is a dessert which can be varied by using cottage cheese .
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University in India .
Juventus F . C . are former champions of Serie A , and A . C . Chievo Verona are also in the same competition .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 and was discovered by Spacewatch .
The Aston Martin V8 ' s body style is the Coupé and it has an engine volume of 5 . 3 litres .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , United States . Americans live in the U . S . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there .
Elliot See was born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is part of the U of Texas system . He was a test pilot . See passed away on Feb . 28 , 1966 in St . Louis .
Attica is 166 above sea level , has a pop . density of 183 . 1 per sq km and an area of 4 . 14 sq km . It is located in Fountain County , Indiana .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where Artur Rasizade is the leader . The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku . The memorial has the local name of Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Albennie Jones a rhythm and blues ( which has disco as a derivative ) artist has worked with fellow artist Sammy Price .
The full name of AFC Ajax is " Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax " . It were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014 - 2015 and has 53502 members .
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County Indiana in the United States .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( est . July 11th , 1907 ) is a historic district in the US provided by the National Park Service .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style and the last one rolled off the production line in 1958 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was written by Eric Flint , has 448 pages and was put into print with the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Amarillo is in Potter County , Texas , United States where Washington DC is the capital and English is spoken .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama at an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
The footballer Alan Martin plays for Aldershot Town F . C .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6m and a beam of 3 . 8m .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for the Russia national under - 21 football team .
03L / 21R is the runway name of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
The U . S . is the originator os the ALVX - 1 . Washington , D . C . is its capital , Americans live there , and one ethnic group is called the Asian Americans .
The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C .
Amarillo , is in Potter County , Texas ( Capital : Austin ) , in the United States , where English is the language spoken .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York where one of the spoken languages is French .
AZ Alkmaar is owned by Robert Eenhoorn .
Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States . A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the USA and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US .
Alison O ' Donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to Static Caravan Recordings .
These novels were published in the following order : Castle , Aenir , Above the Veil and Into Battle .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , from Birmingham , UK ( postcode ' B ' ) , governed by the Conservative Party .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician who became active in 1963 . She was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band , is associated with Plastik Mak , and has Stanyan Records as a recording label .
The 3rd runway at Andrews County Airport is 2939 feet and it is 973 m above sea level .
The ARA Veinticinco De mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from Argentina with a length of 192000 millimetres and a ship ' s beam measure of 24 . 4 .
Antonis Samaras was born in Athens and was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . When Samaras himself waas Prime Minister , Greek born Adonis Georgiadis was in office before being succeeded by Makis Voridis .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA , has a mass of 4 . 0 kilograms and an epoch date of August 27th 2011 . Its orbital period is , 69862200 . 0 and it has a periapsis of , 124950000000 . 0 .
Ayam peyney is a popular dish from Malaysia , and Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group .
The Alhambra is owned by P & O who are located in London . It was built by the Samuda Brothers and is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
Number " 50 " is Akeem Dent ' s player number .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County , California and is led by Tom Tait . The city is governed by the United States House of Representatives , which is located in the US , where English is the language spoken .
One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos .
The St . Louis Rams , based in St . Louis , is Akeem Ayers ' former team .
The manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge , which has a station wagon style body , is the company Dodge . It has a wheelbase of 120 inches and has a V8 engine .
Alison O ' Donnell performs folk music and recorded on the record label , Static Caravan Recordings .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority runs Allam Iqbal International Airport in Punjab Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab .
With a total are of 75 . 324 square km , Antioch is in English speaking California . Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County , which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th January 1988 and played for the college Florida Gators men ' s basketball team . He had been drafted in 2011 and is 2 . 032 metres tall .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad which is operated by , Arianespace . The site of ELA - 3 is at the Guiana Space Centre , the headquarters of which , are located in Kourou , French Guiana .
Atlas II is 3 . 04m in diameter .
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is a bass guitarist . Garage rock and New Wave are the inspirations for indie rock .
The AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises and built by Meyer Werft , has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders of Belgium where the Dutch language is spoken . The city of Antwerp in the country is served by Antwerp International airport .
Solo singer Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982 .
Akeem Ayers debuted with them Tennessee Titans who are in Nashville , TN . His former team was with the St . Louis Rams .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . The 1st runway is made from asphalt , is 497 . 0 in length and has the name 03 / 21 .
A bacon sandwich with brown sauce is popular in the UK .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas . Its runway is 2194 feet and is 546 m above sea level .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the LCCN number of 89646863 . The abbreviation used is ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . and the ISSN number is 1558 - 2868 .
The Aston Martin V8 ( produced in the U . K . ) and the Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport . Both are made by Aston Martin . The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage . Queen Elizabeth II rules the UK .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked for the United States House of Representatives . Albert E . Austin was his successor .
Aleksandr Chumakov passed away in Moscow whose leader is Sergey Sobyanin .
Aermacchi MB - 339 is a trainer Aircraft used by the Nigerian Air - Force .
Born in 1989 in Brandon , Manitoba , Alex Plante has played for the club Anyang Halla .
Created by Mondelez International ( founded in Chicago ) , Barny Cakes come from France where Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls are leaders .
Aaron Turner performs black metal music and played with the band Twilight . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Peter Stoger plays for both LASK Linz and FC Admira Wacker Modling . He previously played for SC Wiener Neustadt but is now the manager of FC Kolin .
Sergey Naryshkin is a leader of Russia .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and can be found in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
The AMC Matador was assembled by Australian Motor Industries .
Akeem Dent was born on the 27th September 1987 , in Atlanta , Georgia . His former team was the Houston Texans .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC who play in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire .
Attica is part of Fountain County , Indiana ( United States ) where the County seat is Covington . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , in the United States , where president Barack Obama is the leader . The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States , where English is the language spoken .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and the Trinidad and Tobago Under 17 football team .
The total area of Auburn , Alabama is 140 . 8 Sq Km .
The 1955 Dodge is also known as the Dodge Custom Royal and has a hardtop and V8 engine .
Albuquerque , N . M . has an area of land of 486 . 2 square kilometers .
The " President " is the chairman title of the Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense .
English is the language spoken in the United States where Abilene is located in Texas .
Alfons Gorbach ws born in the County of Tyrol and later died in Austria which is led by Doris Bures .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels . The school is in Aarhus , Denmark and was created in 1928 . It has 16 , 000 students and 737 employees .
The population density , of Auburn ( Washington ) , is 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located within the municipality of Gettysburg , in Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a Contributing property . Located to the southeast of Adams County is Maryland ' s Carroll County . To the north is Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County .
Abilene is part of Taylor County , Texas , in the United States .
Paulo Sousa plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C .
Bhajji , containing vegetables , are found in the region of Karnataka .
Austin is part of Williamson County , in Texas . Georgetown is the county seat in Williamson . Houston is the biggest city in Texas where English is spoken .
The main ingredients in arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . It comes from the Valencian community region of Spain .
The musical genre of Allen Forrest is hip hop music which has its origins in Disco .
George Winkler is from the United States .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . However , it is published by Soho Press in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Baked Alaska is from the country of France , which leaders are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher .
The A - Rosa Luna , a cruise ship weights 1850 tons , has a top speed of 24 and is 125800 . 0 millimetres long .
Gene Colan has been awarded the Eisner Award .
' A severed Wasp ' comes from the United States where the capital is Washington , D . C .
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the city of Akita , part of the Akita Prefecture which is in Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos .
The population density of Anderson , Indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
The 1089 Tama ( formally known as A894 VA ; A904 VD ) has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an epoch date of the 26th November 2005 .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The AIDAluna , which is currently in service , was built by Meyer Werft and owned by AIDA Cruises . It has a beam of 32 . 2m and a length of 252000 . 0 mms .
The united States Air Force is the operationg organisation for Al Asad airbase , has been in battles at the invasion of grenada and Panama , and use Lockheed Ac - 130 .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office during the Vice Presidency of Mike Akhigbe , who had succeeded Oladipo Diya . Abubakar had served in the Nigerian Air Force where Sadique Abubakar was the commander , and his successor was Olusegun Obasanjo .
1998 RO1 has an epoch date of 4 November 2013 and a periapsis of 41498400000 .
Addiction ( journal ) or Addiction has an LCCN number of 93645978 .
The AMC Matador has a hardtop and a straight - 6 engine and is made in Thames , New Zealand . The VAM Classic is its other name .
Agnes Kant comes from the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown and Essex County , New York .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , U . S . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Established in 2001 , the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , southeast of Mahe , India . It currently has 250 staff .
A . F . C . Blackpool fullname is " Association Football Club Blackpool " . They have 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanics .
The Appleton International Airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and the first runway built here has a length of 8002 feet .
The Moro people are an ethnic group in the Philippines , where Arabic is a language spoken . It is also the country Batchoy comes from .
Cake is served as a dessert , as is bionico , which contains the ingredient of sour cream .
Alan Bean graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B . S . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a test pilot on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission . Alfred Worden was the backup pilot of Apollo 12 and David Scott was its commander .
English is the language spoken in the United States which includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups . The country is the location of Albany in the state of Oregon where the capital is Salem .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has Turkmenbashi International Airport as its hub .
The wife of American Abraham A . Ribicoff is Casey Ribicoff who was born in Chicago U . S . where Native Americans are the ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion is an American dish that contains bacon and sausage as its main ingredients . The dish originated in the Kansas City metropolitan area .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren .
Netherlands born Ab Klink studied at Leiden University , worked as a Member of the House of Representatives and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
The Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was succeeded by the Rover Co .
NASA ' s Apollo 14 mission crew included Alan Shepard .
Albert Jennings Fountain was a politician while Vice President Edmund J . Davis was in office .
The ALV X - 1 was produced in the U . S . and has its launch site at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport . Its diameter is 1 . 524 m .
Adam McQuaid ' s height is 1 . 9558 meters .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , was built at Arctech Helsinki Shipyard , in Finland . Finland is home to the Finns and led by Juha Sipila .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , home of the purple finch . He served as a crew member of the Apollo 14 , a NASA operated mission . The US Navy awarded Alan Shepard the Distinguished Service Medal , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II which originates from the United States .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s clubs are US Boulogne and also Olympique Lyonnais which has it ' s home ground at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 mm long with a 32 . 2 meter beam . Its maiden voyage was 3 / 17 / 2013 .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Beef kway teow .
Anaheim is in the United States which is led by the President . It is located in Orange County , part of the Greater Los Angeles Area of California and has a total area of 131 . 6 sq km .
Anaheim , CA has a UTC offset of minus 7 .
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Tor Books .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose hub is Turkmenbashi International airport and has headquarters in Turkmenistan .
Born in Atlanta , Georgia , on the 27th September 1987 , Akeem Dent , used to play for the Atlanta Falcons .
The soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan . The memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
The African Americans are one of the ethnic groups found in the United States . The country includes the state of Alabama where Auburn is situated and forms part of Lee County .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn and Armin van Buuren .
James Craig Watson died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is in Brazil . This league has been won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
The llocano people and the Moro people are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish .
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in the dish Arros negre which is from Spain .
Andrew Rayel ' s musical genre is Trance . He has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , the guitar player Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Alex Tyus eas born on January 8th 1988 and was drafted in 2011 . He is 2 . 032m tall and played on the Florida Gators men ' s basketball team .
Greece , led by Nikos Voutisis , who ' s capital is Athens , is the location of club A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Shorta SC . His club is AL Kharaitiyat SC , which has its ground at , Al Khor .
Anderson is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd , 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th , 1986 . Bananaman last aired on 15th April 1986 . Graeme Garden is one of the stars of the series which was created by John Geering .
Abilene , Texas is served by Abilene Regional Airport , which lies 546 metres above sea level . The ICAO location identifier of the airport is KABI and the runaway named 17L / 35R has a length of 1 , 121 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Zawra ' a SC , whose manager is Basim Qasim .
The ISSN number for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg ( abbreviating to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) is 1865 - 8784 . The establishment is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland . The Swiss leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann and the legislature is the Federal Assembly . The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm .
Armin van Buuren ' s genre is House music .
" Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg " is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg and is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics .
Bionico is a dessert that contains raisins . It can be varied using cottage cheese .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Joe Biden is a leader . The country is home to the ethnic group of African Americans . The book is written in the English language as spoken in Great Britain .
Aaron Turner sings for a living and has played for the bands the Greymachine and Twilight . The musical genre of the band Twilight is black metal , of which death metal is a musical fusion .
During World War II , in which Joseph Stalin was a commander , Abner W Sibal served and fought with the United States Army , ending his military career on 3 January 1965 .
The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth in Texas .
Alan Shepard was awarded the american defence service ribbon .
Alvah Sabin ( who died died in Sycamore , Illinois ) , represented Vermont , the largest city of which , is Burlington , Vermont .
The largest city in Benton County Oregon is Corvallis .
Aleksandre Guruli has played for FC Samtredia , whose home ground is at the Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium .
Akron , Ohio is located within the United States .
Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City , USA which is led by Don Guardian . It is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in which Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 .
James Craig Watson was born in Canada , went to the University of Michigan and later in his career discovered 103 Hera .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States .
Asam pedas is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula , Indonesia and Malaysia . The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture of Japan , one of the ethnic groups of which are Koreans .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Boris Johnson and European Parliament led Sidcup , London .
Akeem Ayers draft pick is 39 and he used to play for Los Angeles Rams .
The Aston Martin V8 , made by Aston Martin , is related to the Aston Martin DBS and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Vantage . The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the U . K . where Elizabeth II is the leader .
Addis Ababa in Ethiopia is the location of the Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall .
Acharya Institute of Technology , in Karnataka , an affiliation of Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum , was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education . Acharya Institute is in Karnataka , which is east of the Arabian Sea .
1818 is the length of the runway of Agra Airport .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner were the designers of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan , dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku . The Prime Minister , Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where Baku is the capital city .
The City Manager leads Austin , Texas .
Located in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International airport , has a runway that is called 18L / 36R and is 2900 . 0 metres long .
Shumai is a variation of Batagor and Siomay . One of the ingredients in Siomay is peanut sauce .
Andrew White is a musician signed to Polydor Records which is in London . His musical genre is alternative rock which has origins in New wave music .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an orbital periodd of 7729430000 . 0 .
AWH Engineering College ( India ) is in the state of Kerala who has as its leader Kochi . The Ganges is one of India ' s rivers .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country Alfred Moore Scales came from .
Anderson , Indiana , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County Indiana .
The commander at the Battle of Fredericksburg was Robert E Lee .
Aaron Bertram was born April 3 , 1981 and started performing in 1998 . Aaron Bertram ' s musical genre is Ska punk and he plays for the Suburban Legends band . Aaron Bertram is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation .
The currency of Iraq is the Iraqi dinar .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18 , 1923 . He retired August 1 , 1974 and passed away in California .
The epoch of the dark asteroid , 1000 Piazza , is 27th June 2015 and it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico .
William Anders is a test pilot and member of Apollo 8 ' s crew .
107 Camilla , which was discovered by F Villas , has an epoch date of 31 December 2006 . The apoapsis measures 560937000 . 0 kilometres and the periapsis 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
With its headquarters in the Four World Trade Center , The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport . This airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey .
Al Khor is the home ground of Al Kharaitiyat SC .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Japan .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé 2 - door coupe was last produced in 1958 .
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region , and contain gram flour .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006 and its periapsis is 6155910000000 . 0 .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University has 16 , 000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo which is a part of New York .
Agnes Kant held office in the Socialist Party of the Netherlands which was led by Emile Roemer .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines , the Airport is also the hub for the Airline . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat , Turkenistan . The Airport has a runway length of 900 . 0 .
Lake Placid , New York is part of Essex County , NY and it is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport .
Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 / 02 / 1966 .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent , England , United Kingdom and is a member of the Conservative Party .
Born in Lincoln , Nebraska , Brandon Sanderson is the author of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , the book which is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel , a company which was founded in Washington D . C . The language Faroese is spoken in Denmark .
Albert Jennings Fountain , was born in Staten Island , United States , and died in Dona Ana County , in New Mexico Territory .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Al - Zawra ' a SC who are managed by Basim Qasim , and he also plays in Iran ' s 3rd division for Steel Azin FC .
Tim Brooke - Taylor ' s birth place is the United Kingdom .
The Serie A champions are Juventus F . C . A . S Roma also play in the same league and their ground is Stadio Olimpico .
Albert B . White ' s date of death was 1941 - 07 - 03 .
66391 1999 KW4 has the epoch date of 14 July 2004 , an escape velocity of zero and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea level . The runway name is 17R / 35L and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette II .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the Malays are an ethnic group and Putrajaya is a capital .
A . D . Isidro Metapán ' s ground is in Metapán .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , which is made from red granite and white marble , is in Azerbaijan which has the National Assembly as its legislature and Baku is the capital .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , where Spanish is the language spoken and Spaniards are an ethnic group . Spain uses the euro for its currency and the leader of the country is Felipe VI .
The Antares rocket , manufactured at Yuzhnoye Design Office , launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . Its initial flight was April 21 , 2013 and the final launch was July 13 . 2014 .
Afonso Pena International Airport has a runway name of 15 / 33 which has a length of 2215 . 0 . It is located 911 metres above sea level in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and has the ICAO location identifier of SBCT .
Bakso , which has celery in it , is a traditional dish throughout Indonesia and is popular in Southeast Asian countries too .
Lake Placid , New York is part of New York and is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov . He was also a member of the Soviet Union national football team and died in Russia where the leader is Vladimir Putin .
The late Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was hired by NASA in 1959 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
The capital of the US is Washington DC and the country is the location of Abilene , part of Taylor County in Texas .
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit , a dessert . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is also a dish that can be served as a dessert .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans and the country is the location of Auburn , Alabama .
Adam Holloway was the Member of Parliament for Gravesham .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where its leader is Nikos Voutsis .
Alfred Giles , architect of The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House died in Kendall County , Texas .
Ipena County Regional Airport ( IPN ) is 210 metres above sea level .
The dish Bandeja paisa hails from the Antioquia Department of Colombia . Avocado ( plant name Lauraceae Persea ) is a key ingredient of this dish .
Former St Louis Rams player , Akeem Ayers , was born in 1989 . The debut team of Akeem Ayers was the Tennessee Titans .
One United States ethnic group is White Americans .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine and with Christian Burns . His musical genre is Trance which has its origins in Pop music .
Seattle is the largest city in King County , in Washington , U . S . and Auburn is part of King County . Auburn is in Pierce County , Washington , United States , whose capital is Washington DC .
Anderson is a city located in Adams township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups on Malaysia .
Aaron Hunt , who plays for Vfl Wolfsburg , has previously payed for both , the Goslarer SC 08 youth team and Hamburger SV .
A Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States which has Native Americans as one of its ethnic groups of the country .
One city in the U . S . , where English is spoken and you find Native Americans , is Albany in Dougherty County , Georgia .
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell in Dothan , Alabama . He ' s a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer . Disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from the blues .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India has 700 postgraduate students . Its president is B . M . Reddy .
Ab Klink , who was born in Stellendam and studied at Leiden University , is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain . It originates from the United States where the African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington DC .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae of the Poales order .
Angola International Airport is in Icolo e Bengo and is 159 metres above sea level with a runway that ' s 4 , 000 feet long .
' A Glastonbury Romance ' has the OCLC number 76798317 and is available in hardcover .
Houston is the largest city in Texas , United States . Texas is also where you will find Arlington , which is part of Tarrant County .
The Federal Assembly is the legislature of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University , which has an academic staff size of 737 , has Thomas Pallesen as its Dean .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic . He is 178 . 0 cm tall . He has played for FC Karpaty Lviv and AS Lyon - Duchère .
Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in California in the U . S . It is located in Peoria , Illinois and provides the engine to power the AIDAluna .
Marriott International was founded in Washington , D . C .
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors and Wheel Horse is a subsidiary . Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person at American Motors which was acquired by Chrysler .
The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , Munster .
Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 which has a V12 engine and was made between May 1950 and August 1956 .
American test pilot Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 , in Wheeler , Texas . He joined NASA in 1963 , and served as a crew member on Apollo 12 .
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Funk where Afrobeat is a fusion of funk .
Indian people are from India , where the leaders are T . S . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan , the currency is the Indian rupee and the dish Bhajji originates .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor was established in 2001 .
Alpharetta , Georgia , has an area of 55 . 4 square kilometres and a population density of 992 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force .
Aaron Hunt plays for Goslarer SC 08 and also for SV Werder Bremen II which is managed by Alexander Nouri .
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax , they played in the 2014 - 15 Eredivisie season and have 53502 members .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Joe Biden is a leader and there are many Asian Americans .
The area code of Austin ( Texas ) , is 512 .
The 3Arena ( 28 . 0 metres high ) hosts concerts and events , and was designed by the Populous company , being completed in December 2008 .
Aaron Deer is an American from Indiana who is a solo singer . He was part of the band Wee Giant and his genre is Psychedelia .
Anaheim is located in California , where the Spanish language is spoken . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim and is located at the United States Capitol .
Billie Oddie who starred in Bananaman is Kate Hardie ' s son and was born in Lancashire .
The address of Alan B . Miller Hall is " 101 Ukrop Way " .
The Addiction journal ( abbreviated to ' Addiction ' ) , is published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction and has the LCCN number 93645978 .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina and worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . His party is Justicialist Party and his successor was Isaac Rojas .
The main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage and the dish originates from the United States .
Barny Cakes originates from France where the country ' s leaders are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls . Mondelez International is the creator of the dessert and the company was founded in Chicago .
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force who operates the Agra Airport .
James Craig Watson , a Canadian , discovered 103 Hera . His alma mater was the University of Michigan . He died from peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg , which is managed by Dieter Hecking . Vfl Wolfsburg play in Bundesliga . Aaron Hunt was a member of SV Werder Bremen II .
The Alvis Speed 25 was made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , in Austria - Hungary .
Airey Neave , started his career on 30th June 1953 and was involved in the Battle of France .
Ahmet Ertegun ' s background is non performing personnel . Washington D . C . is the origin of Ahmet Ertegun whose genre is rhythm and blues . Disco derives from rhythm and blues which originated from the blues .
Moro people is an ethnic group in the Philippines , where Philippine English is spoken and Batchoy comes from .
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician who plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs .
Margrethe II of Denmark is located at the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is a tenant of the Marriott International Hotel .
William Anders is from the US . He was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot , who retired on September 1st 1969 .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Philippines . One of the main ingredients of binignit is coconut milk and another ingredient is sago .
The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine , who are located in the U . S .
A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback and has The ISBN number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
A dish from India where T . S . Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders is bhajji .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur .
Allan Shivers served in the Democratic Party in the U . S .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade who studied at the University of Gottingen .
William Anders was selected by NASA as a crew member of Apollo 8 in 1963 . He was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933 .
The Plymouth Plaza was succeeded by the Plymouth Satellite .
Akeem Adams plays for Central F . C .
Condiments are ingredients of bacon sandwiches and a variation of it is the BLT .
Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore , it is a food found in Java , where there ia a ethnic group called The Javanese .
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to Polydor Records in London . Nu music is a fusion genre of alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in punk music .
388 is the number of pages A severed Wasp has .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino , Mendrisio , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 , has 600 students , and an academic staff of 100 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London , which is led by the European Parliament and governed by the Greater London Authority .
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson , a Canadian . His alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died of peritonitis .
The Swiss Psalm is the national anthem of Switzerland which is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . The country is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 and has 600 students .
Authored byVirginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which is written in English .
The Aston Martin V8 , which is assembled at Newport Pagnell , was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage . The engine volume of Aston Martin V8 is 5 . 3 litres . Aston Martin Virage and Aston Martin DBS are related types of transportation .
The AZAL Arena is in Baku and is the ground of AZAL PFK .
The dish arem - arem is served nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . Indonesia ' s leader is Joko Widodo and the language spoken there is Indonesian .
Akeem Dent ' s first team was the Atlanta Falcons , who play in Atlanta . He has also played for the Houston Texans , who play in Texas .
Aleksandre Guruli , who is 178 . 0 centimetres tall , was born in the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic . Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and FC Karpaty Lviv club .
Asam pedas comes from the countries of Indonesia , Malaysia and Sumatra .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who performed for House of Low Culture . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Alfredo Zitarrosa , born in Uruguay , is a musical artist in the genre Taquirari , whose background includes solo singing , and who is signed to the RCA Records label .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the Poales and Commelinids orders .
St . Vincent – St . Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Ohio , USA . The school is the ground of Akron Summit Assault . The city is part of Summit County , Ohio . It is led by Dan Horrigan .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dila Gori and his club is Olympique Lyonnais who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre , an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km / s , and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , is in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans .
Elliot See , who was born in Dallas and flew as a test pilot , was selected by NASA in 1962 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County , Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Austin is the county seat of Travis County , in Texas .
Dallas native Eliot See ' s alma mater was the University of Texas at Austin .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas , U . S . Austin is the capital of Texas and English is the language spoken in the United States .
The Battle of Antietam was part of the American Civil war conflict where Robert E . Lee was a commander . Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam and was awarded the Purple Heart .
FC Torpedo Moscow played in the 2014 - 15 Russian Premier League .
Johns Hopkins University Press is based in the United States .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom , the country of Alfred Garth Jones ' birth .
AZAL PFK were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 - 15 .
Alfons Gorbach : was born in Imst , Austria , was a member of the Austrian People ' s Party , and died in Graz , in Styria .
Beef kway teow comes from the country of Indonesia , it includes oyster sauce .
The County Seat for Travis County is in Austin , Texas .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the American Civil War .
The leader of the United States is the President of the United States .
The creator of Airman , ( comics character ) is George Kapitan .
Rolando Maran plays at the Vicenza Calcio .
The Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara , Sri Lanka .
Rome is the capital of Italy , where leaders include , Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Italian is spoken there and it is also where the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport located in Pakistan and serving the city of Lahore . The airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
Juha Sipila is the leader of Finland which built thei cebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov , in Helsinki .
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham .
Lewis Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor .
The population density for Albany , Oregon is 1104 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County , which is part of the San Francisco Bay area , in California .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was erected in 2000 in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorized as a Contributing Property .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician , whose one fusion is the Death metal , and he is a member of the Lotus Easter band .
Amarillo , Texas is in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada and plays for Wichita Thunder .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , available in hardcover and containing 448 pages , was written by Eric Flint . The ISBN number is 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong on 1933 - 10 - 17 ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 and also a fighter pilot .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . where the capital city is Washington DC and 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written .
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , Spain . Its leader is Susana Diaz and its ethnic group are Spaniards .
Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music and began performing in 1998 . He plays for the Suburban Legends band and Imagine Nation band .
The Alpena County Regional Airport ' s location id is " APN " .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music which comes from the blues and folk music . Afrobeat has some elements of jazz and funk is derived from jazz .
Birmingham has the B postcode and one of the city leaders is Labour politician John Clancy . The architect who designed 103 Colmore Row , John Madin , was born in the city .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart and it uses frangipane .
Adonis Georgiadis who was in office under Antonis Samaras , the Prime Minister , was in the Greek New Democracy Party whose colour is blue . He was succeded by Makis Voridis .
The builder of the ALCO RS - 3 is the American Locomotive Company who were founded in Schenectady , New York .
Elliot See was an American born on July 23 , 1927 in Dallas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is part of the U of Texas system and the big 12 Conference . He has since passed away .
Juan Perón was in Office While Hortensio Quijano was Governor .
The AIDS journal , first published in 1987 , is in HIV / AIDS studies .
Ska punk , derived from punk music , is the genre of Aaron Bertram .
A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members , played in the 2014 season and are located in the town of Efxeinoupoli .
In Italy , Rome is the capital and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Laura Boldrini . It is where the language is Italian and Amatriciana sauce can be found .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia , the country where Putrajaya is the capital . Malaysian Malay and the Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups here .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan .
The celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 ' s epoch date is July 14 , 2004 and has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km . It ' s escape velocity is 0 and has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , home to Acehnese people . The dish can also be found in Malaysia , where the Malay are an ethnic group .
Aaron Deer plays the keyboard in the musical genre of indie rock which has its stylistic origins in Garage rock .
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla . Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish which is related to Shumai and uses peanut sauce as an ingredient .
The ship AIDAluna , which is owned by AIDA Cruises , was built by Meyer Werft .
Binigrit is a dish from the Philippines contains sweet potatoes and coconut milk .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The school ' s full address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 in the state of Karnataka . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it was created in 2000 .
Alfred Garth Jones was a professional Illustrator .
Alfred N Phillips , who retired on 1939 - 01 - 03 , served in the United States , Army . The army which battled in the American Civil War .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp .
Khadija Arib is the leader of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands where Agnes Kant worked .
The leader of Brandon Manitoba is Larry Maguire .
The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa .
The Alhambra is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine , they are located in London .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf , went to the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ' s ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleontology and has a CODEN code of APGPAC .
There are 388 pages in the book " A Severed Wasp " .
John Buscema won the Alley Award .
Adam Holloway is a national of the United Kingdom , the capital of which , is London . Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War . One of the commanders in the Gulf War was George H . W . Bush .
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade . It has a legislature known as the National Assembly . Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan . The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is in Azerbaijan and is in dedication to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed at the Battle of Baku . It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner . The native name of the Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community .
The leader of the United States is called the President of the United States . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups within the country which is also the location of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia and manages A . C . Cesena .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . , where Akron , Ohio is located and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and his occupation was a Fighter pilot when selected by NASA in 1963 .
Black metal music Aaron Turner was a member of The Greymachine . Death metal is a black metal fusion .
The Atlas II launched from Vandenberg Air Force base located at Lompoc , California . It originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Audi A1 is a similar means of transport to the Seat Ibiza , and also related to the Volkswagen Polo .
N . R . Pogson was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . He was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai .
Atlanta is the capital of Georgia ( United States ) , the state where Albany , Dougherty County , is located .
1634 The Bavarian Crisis comes in hardcover and was written by Eric Flint .
The Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is in Arapiraca .
Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup , Denmark . Faroese is the language there .
Sour cream is included in the dessert , Bionico .
KACY is the ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport .
20 Fenchurch Street , which has 34 floors , is located in the United Kingdom , which has Elizabeth II as its Queen .
In the United states the capital is Washington DC , and is run by the president . . In the U . S . there is The Atlas II , Asians , and the native language is english .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc . , is 252 m long , and has a 32 . 2 m beam . Its service started on the 22nd of March , 2009 .
Bacon Explosion is a main course originating from the United States . The dish ' s main ingredients are sausage and bacon .
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Bangalore , Karnataka and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Ajoblanco has almond ( part of the Rosaceae family ) as one of its ingredients .
Available in print , Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long with an OCLC number of 78771100 and an ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
The character Blockbuster was created by Garnder Fox and Carmine INfantino .
Miri , Malaysia , is the birthplace of Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub . Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub was in office whilst Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Miri , Malaysia , and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham where John Madin , the designer of 103 Colmore Row , was born .
The full name of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva , their ground is in Livorno Italy and they have 19 , 238 members .
Iwan P Williams discovered 15788 1993 SB on its epoch date of March 6th 2006 . The celestial body has an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
Bakewell tart is made from shortcrust pastry and is a variation of Bakewell pudding . Both are from the Derbyshire Dales where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader .
250 Delaware Avenue in the United States has 12 floors with a total area of 20843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars to build .
Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia and is the region that Arros negre is from .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the English language as spoken in Great Britain . It originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader .
The Saab 9000 , Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are similar means of transport . The Alfa Romeo 164 ' s assembly line is in Italy and it has a Sedan body style .
Montevideo , Uruguay is the birthplace of Alfredo Zitarrosa .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert served fresh and warm , or cold . It contains : ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and originates from Derbyshire Dales .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , where English is the language spoken . A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , which itself is a variation on the club sandwich .
AFC Blackpool played in the 2014 - 15 North West Counties Football League season and has 1500 members . Their full name is " Association Football Club Blackpool " and their homeground is Jepson Way .
Indianapolis and Anderson are both located in Indiana , Inited States , the former being its capital .
Pietro Grasson is the leader of Italy , where arrabbiata sauce can be found .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is situated in the city of Alba lulia and the rector is Breaz Valer Daniel .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba and played for Anyang Halla .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A , Manhattan and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 having the Reference Number of 80002709 .
The architect of 300 North LaSalle was Pickard Chilton . It was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors .
William Anders was born on October 17th , 1933 and his Alma Mater was AFIT , M . S . which he attended in 1962 .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia which is located in the United States of America .
Discovered by B . Zellner , 107 Camilla has the epoch 31 December 2006 . this asteroid has an apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Alpena County Regional Airport is in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan in the U . S . A . .
The llocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines , where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish . It is also where Batchoy comes from .
Abraham A Ribicoff worked as Governor of Connecticut .
Bananaman was the TV series shown by the BBC between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 1986 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Bill Oddie .
People who live in the US are called Americans and these include the ethnic group of Asian Americans . The United States is where you will find Angola , part of Pleasant Township in Steuben County , Indiana .
Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War , the war in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Abner is a footballer who was born on 30 May 1996 and plays for the Coritiba Football Club and the Brazilian national under 20 football team .
AFC Ajax has 53502 members .
Max Huiberts is the owner of AZ Alkmaar , which has 17023 members .
Adam Koc , fought in the Polish – Soviet War , and was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Independence award .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the first runway is known as Number 18 .
Austin , Texas is located in the United States . The country where Americans live and where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans .
The United States House of Representatives is located in Washington D . C . and at Anaheim orange county CA .
The Adisham Hall ' s style of architecture is Tudor Revival .
Angola , which lies 324 metres above sea level , is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana and has 524 . 5 inhabitants for each of the 16 . 55 square kilometres it covers .
The United States includes the ethnic group of African Americans and is the birthplace of Abraham A Ribicoff who is married to Casey Ribicoff .
Alfredo Zitarrosa , who started out as a solo singer , has the musical genre Milonga . His recording label is Odeon Records .
108 St . Georges Terrace , with 50 floors , is located in Perth , Australia , and was completed in 1988 . Its construction cost 120 million Australian dollars .
Abradab , who played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magic , started performing in 1994 .
Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial designer was Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members .
Both Addis Ababa Stadium and City Hall are located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopa , whose leader is Hailemariam Desalegn .
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where she is a member of the Socialist Party . The leader of the Socialist Party , which is associated with the colour red , is Emile Roemer .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont and was a representative of their third Congressional District .
Carpi FC 1909 are the champions of Serie B .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who died in Gottingen . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and Allan Sandage was his doctoral student .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and is written in English . The leader of the US is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the Asian Americans .
Akeem Ayers ' debut team was the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee . Another former club of his was the Los Angeles Rams who play their home matches at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción which is a part of Gran Asunción .
Ridgewood , Queens is the birthplace of Abner W . Sibal who worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
Fountain County in Indiana is the location of Attica , part of Logan Township . It is located in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC .
Adonis Georgiadis ' s Alma mater is the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens .
Afonso Pena International airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais and is operated by Infraero . It is 911 metres above sea level .
Albany is located in Dougherty County , Georgia , United States , where Americans live . The president is the leader of the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Black pudding is included in the list of ingredients needed to make Bandeja paisa .
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on July 3 , 1941 in Parkersburg , W . V .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The airport has a runway which measures 2743 . 0 and the leader of Uttar Pradesh is called Ram Naik .
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland and is in service .
Osmosys Records is the recording label of Alison O ' Donnell .
Addiction journal is about addiction and is published by Wiley - Blackwell which has John Wiley & Sons as the parent company .
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is found in the Antioquia Department , that can can be found in the country of Colombia .
Doug Moench , was the creator of the comic character , Ballistic .
Al Anderson from the NRBQ band was a member of The Wildweeds .
The Antares rocket was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and is similar to the Delta II rocket . The Delta II is from the United States and was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry is found in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Dan Mishkin and Paris Cullins are creators of the comic character known as Bolt .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , which is governed by Buenos Aires City Legislature and where the leader is Diego Santilli .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Amkar Perm and his club is Tom Tomsk .
Bionico is a dish served as a dessert and is found in Mexico , where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader . A variation on dessert is cake .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . Mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is Meride . The Swiss anthem is the Swiss Psalm and its leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . The legislature of Switzerland is the Federal Assembly .
Rolando Maran plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D and Carrarese Calcio . He has also managed AC Chievo Verona .
Bionico comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico and is made from chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County , California , in the United States , where the leader is called the president .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain . The book come from the US , where White Americans are an ethnic group .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is within the United States where English is spoken . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was put in print and has 448 pages .
AGR is the IATA I . D . of the Agra Airport .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Halimah Yacob led , Singapore .
Avacado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa , a typical Colombian cuisine from the Antioquio department .
Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC .
The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial , the native name being Turk Sehitleri Aniti , is found in Azerbaijan .
New Zealand ' s Adrmore Airport has a runway length of 597 metres and is 34 meters above sea level . Its 3rd runway surface is consists of Poaceae and its runway name is 03L / 21R .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region . It has olive oil in it . Susana Diaz is a leader in that region . Felipe VI is the leader of Spain .
Alan Shepard was born in 1923 in New Hampshire and died in California .
Alberto Teisaire was the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate , and was in office when Juan Peron was president . Juan Peron belonged to the Labour party . The successor of Alberto Teisaire was Isaac Rojas .
The English language of the US is also spoken in Great Britain . The US has many Asian Americans and the Severed Wasp is found here . The capital of the United States in Washington D . C .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a mid - size luxury executive car whose other name is the Alfa Romeo 168 . It contains a straight - four engine and a 6 - speed manual Getrag transmission .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , U . S . , where Susana Mendoza is the leader .
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 7 / 25 .
Buzz Aldrin walked in space 52 . 0 minutes .
103 Hera , which has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms and an orbital period of 1 , 622 . 213 days , has an epoch of August 27th 2011 . Its periapsis is 371 , 240 , 000 kilometres and an apoapsis of 437 , 170 , 000 kilometres .
Albert Uderzo and French born René Goscinny , are the creators of the comic character Asterix , also know as Astérix .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . , the place where Ahmet Ertegun died .
The owner of AFC Ajax is AFC Ajax N . V .
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and 3746 . 66 square metres of floor area .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India has 700 post graduate students . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Aaron Turner is a singer who performs ambient music .
Al Anderson from the band , NRBQ , is a singer who ' s genre is rock music .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Space Watch and has an epoch date of 27 June 105 . It has a mass of 8 . 3kgs , an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
Asian Americans are on of the ethnic groups in the United States where the leader is called the President . It is also where ' A Severed Wasp ' is from .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama , Madrid .
Simon & Schuster is the publisher of A Glastonbury Romance written by John Cowper Powys .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by MTU Friedrichshafen made engines , located in Friedrichshafen .
Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in the country .
The SEAT Ibiza is related to the Volkswagen Polo Mk3 .
The Alvis Speed 25 , first manufactured in 1937 , has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " . It is a full - size luxury vehicle with a 31 . 48 tax hp engine and has wheelbases measuring 127 inches .
Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina , belonged to the Justicialist Party and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia and the Minangkabau people are found in Sumatra .
The River Ganges flows through India where the largest city is Mumbai and the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala . Kerala is led by Kochi and the College was established in 2001 .
A . F . C . Blackpool fullname is " Association Football Club Blackpool , " they have 1500 members and their grounds are at Jespon Way .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB ' s epoch is March 5 , 2006 and it was discovered by Iwan P Williams .
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC . They are the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in the country of Denmark which is led by Margrethe II .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and served in office at the same time as both Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia , in the United States .
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana in the United States . The state capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 ( former name : " 1999 SN5 " ) has an epoch date of 2013 - 11 - 04 and its periapsis is 41498400000 . 0 Gm .
Honey can be used as a variation in the dish Bionico .
The location of the company P & O is London .
The maximum temperature of 410777 2009 FD is 362 . 0 kelvins .
Arrabbiata sauce originates from Italy whose capital city is Rome . The country ' s spoken language is Italian and it is led by Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , who ' s leader is Susana Mendoza , and is a part of DuPage County Illinois .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and is a related means of transportation to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema as they are all cars .
Tory - controlled Birmingham ( postcode area B ) , is home to John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , made of red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial , called Turk Sehitleri Aniti , was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is located in Azerbaijan , the capital of which is Baku .
Anderson is in Indiana , in the United States and is led by the Democratic Party ( United States ) , the headquarters of which are at South Capitol Street . The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
Allan Sandage and Halton Arp were both doctoral students of Walter Baade , the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed . Baade was born in Preubisch Oldendorf and studied at the University of Gottingen .
Post - metal music uses the cello .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was born in Minna and studied at the Technical Institute , Kaduna , was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria . He was succeeded by Al - Amin Daggash .
The fried chicken dish Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Java . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java .
1089 Tama ( formerly A919 HA ; 1927 WB ) ; has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 , an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and the epoch date 2005 - 11 - 26 .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Ponteareas , was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch whose predecessor was Alfonso XIII of Spain .
A typical dish found in Colombia is Bandeja paisa , which comes from the Antioquia Department region .
A Loyal Character Dancer has 360 pages .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press .
AS Livorno club plays in Serie B and their home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine who is associated with the musical artist John Digweed .
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon , in the U . S . A country which had a number of ethnic groups , one of which is African Americans .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Greene , Maine and died in West Roxbury . He was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of the Wilderness .
A . C . Lumezzane has 4150 members , played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season and still play in the same league .
Ann Arbor has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres and a population of 1580 . 7 per square kilometre . The City Administrator , Christopher Taylor , leads Ann Arbor and the area code is 734 .
Afonso Pena International Airport is elevated 2988 feet above sea level .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Al - Wakrah Sport Club and is in the Al - Khor Sports Club , which is located in Al - Khor .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured at the ESA and Arinanespace , had its last flight on December 18 , 2009 , and was launched at the Guiana Space Centre .
Auburn is part of King County in Washington , U . S , whose capital is Washington , D . C . Seattle is the largest city in King County .
The Whig party of the United States was led by Daniel Webster and Alvah Sabin was a member . The state of Vermont , whose largest city is Burlington , was Sabin ' s state .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President .
Plymouth made the Plymouth Plaza which is related to the 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom .
Albert Jennings Fountain fought in American Civil War for the Union Army which was commanded by Jefferson Davis .
Asherton , Texas is part of the United States .
Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia , Spain where Carles Puidgemont is the regional leader . The ruler of the country is King Felipe VI and Spaniards is the name for its inhabitants .
Born on July 10th , 1989 , Akeem Ayers used to play for the St . Louis Rams . He debuted with the Tennessee Titans , who drafted him 39th overall .
410777 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 .
Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI .
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in the city of Aarhus , Denmark . The School has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association based in Brussels .
The Mayor is the leader title in Ann Arbor ( Michigan ) , which is led by the politician Christopher Taylor . With a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres , Ann Arbor has the area code , 734 and the population density of 1580 . 7 as per square kilometre .
English is spoken in Great Britain and A Severed Wasp is written in it but comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and Barack Obama is the president .
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny whose ground is located in Grozny and who are managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
James Craig Watson ' s Alma mater is the University of Michigan and he discovered 101 Helena .
The Olympic Stadium , at Marousi in Athens , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC . They play in Superleague of Greece , past champions of which are Olympiacos F . C .
Buzz Aldrin ' s birth date is January 20 , 1930 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 . Its dean is Mario Botta . It has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and studied at Radboud University Nijmegen . She resided in Doesburg and worked as a member of the House of Representatives .
Austin , Texas has a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 703 . 95 square kilometres .
Located at Al Anbar Province , in Iraq , Al Asad Airbase has a runway with the length of 3078 . 48 metres .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , who ' s inhabitants are called Tejano .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Harbour View FC .
Established in 2000 , the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County in New Mexico and has 1142 . 3 people per sq km . It covers a total area of 490 . 9 sq km , including a land area of 486 . 2 sq km .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 .
Switzerland is a country which has Johann Schneider - Ammann as the Federal Chancellor and the national anthem is Swiss Psalm . Switzerland is also home to the Accademia de Architettura di Mendrisio which is located in the city of Mendrisio .
Republican Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens on November 4th , 1921 . He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Donald J . Irwin .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in the Marriott International Hotel overseen by Bill Marriott of Marriott International .
Alan B Miller Hall built in the Georgian architecture style currently hosts the US Mason School of Business .
Caterpillar Inc is in the US . The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine .
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 101 Helena . His alma mater was the University of Michigan . He died of peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
Adam McQuaid ' s weight is 94 . 8024 kilograms .
Francis G . Slay is the leader of St . Louis .
Auburn is in Pierce County , Washington , in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C .
1089 Tama ( formerly A919 HA ; 1927 WB ) , has an epoch date of , 26 November 2005 . this asteroid ' s orbital period is 1202 . 846 days and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music and was originally a solo singer .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Parliament of the U . K . and Boris Johnson led , London .
Mason School of Business is a tenant of the Alan B . Miller Hall .
The temperature of 1097 Vicia is 171 . 0 ( kelvins ) and its apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 km .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
The dutchman Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and the leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte .
Alan Shepard died on the 21st of July , 1998 .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and one of the variations is BLT and condiments are one of the ingredients . The sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
African Americans are an ethnic group from the United States , where Albert Jennings Fountain was born . Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory .
The A . S . Gubbio 1910 football club play in Serie D .
Graeme Garden , one of the stars of Bananaman , was born in Aberdeen .
Arlington is located in Tarrant County , Texas whose largest city is Fort Worth . Houston is the largest city in Texas .
AC Milan is in Serie A league .
Singer Aaron Turner , has played with the band Twilight , the musical genre of which , is black metal . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan , United States .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . , where there is an ethnic group of Native Americans . The book is written in English , that is spoken in Great Britain .
The American Journal of Mathematics , ( OCLC number 1480153 ) is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press , which is based in the United States and has Johns Hopkins University as its parent company .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of Acta Math . Hungar and covers the academic discipline of Mathematics . This publication has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 1588 - 2632 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra is in the Al - Khor Sports Club which is in the Qatar Stars league .
' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' which was written by Virginia DeMarce is available in print form .
Alan Frew ' s who is from Canada , where the official language is a performer of rock music . The music Bhangra is part Rock fusion music genre .
Located in Copenhagen , AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm . It has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and is tenanted by Marriott International .
Albennie Jones started being active in 1930 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra is a member of AL Kharaitiyat SC and the Al - Khor Sports Club . Al Kharaitiyat SC is managed by Amar Osim and its home is Al Khor .
' 1634 The Ram Rebellion ' was written in the United States , a country where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Greece is led by Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos , the capital city is Athens and the country uses the euro as their currency . It is also the location of the A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club .
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th , 1989 and he used to play for the St . Louis Rams .
Olusegun Obasanjo was the succesor to Abdulsalami Abubakar , who , was a member of the Nigerian Air Force , in which Sadique Abubakar is a commander . Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Oladipo Diya , was Mike Akhigbe ' s predecessor .
The operators of Appleton International Airport , which has a runway length of 1 , 982 and is 280 metres above sea level , are in Outagamie County , Wisconsin .
Alfons Gorbach ' s birthplace was Imst in the state of Tyrol . He was a member of the Austrian People ' s Party and died in Styria , Austria .
3Arena , owned by Live Nation Entertainment , is located in Dublin , in the Republic of Ireland . European Parliament is the leader of Dublin , of which Criona Ni Dhalaigh was the Lord Mayor .
Italy is where Italian people live , Rome is the capital and the ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 can be found there .
The chairman of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is Antonis Milionis .
The rocket , Antares , which made its final flight on 13th of July , 2014 , was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England which has the capital city of London . One of the languages spoken in England is Cornish and one of the ethnic groups is the British Arabs .
FC Magedburg was in Regionalliga in 2014 .
Peter Stoger plays for the Austria national football team .
London , the capital of the United Kingdom is lead via the European Parliament and Elizabeth II . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the UK .
110 Lydia ' s epoch is 31st December 2006 and has a mass of 6 . 7Kg . It has orbital period of 142603000 the apoapsis for 110 Lydia is 440756000 . 0 Km .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas and has the runway name of 14L / 32R with a length of 4100 .
The Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , Greece . Nikos Voutsis is the leader of that country .
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls .
Humphrys , Tennant & Dykes is in Deptford .
Austin and Round Rock ( largest city of ) , Williamson County ( Georgetown is the county seat ) are part of Texas .
Asam pedas is a dish that is popular in Indonesia and Sumatra . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia . Malays and Acehnese people are ethnic groups of Sumatra .
The main ingredients of Bionico are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . It is served as dessert and is found in the region of Jalisco , Mexico .
Dave Challinor manages A . F . C . Fylde .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia . It is located in the United States which has the African Americans among its ethnic groups and uses the English language .
Ilocano people and the Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines , where the language spoken is Philippine Spanish and batchoy is a traditional dish .
The Acura TLX is mid - size class of car with a V6 engine and front - wheel and all - wheel drive . It is assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria .
Addid Ababa City Hall , completed in 1964 , is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s solo artist whose musical genre is Candombe . His record label is RCA Records . His musical associates are Hector Numa Morales and Hilario Perez .
Luanda is in the country of Angola .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Steel Azin FC in the 3rd division of Iran football . He is also part of Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . where Adnan Hamad is the manager .
The leader of Denmark is Margrethe II and the capital city is Copenhagen which is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky . The hotel is currently tenanted by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC .
Roger Mckenzie , the american comic book writer is the creator of Ben Urich .
Aaron Turner ' s genre is post - metal , is associated with the group Greymachine , and performed for House of Low Culture .
Minotaur V and Antares were launched at Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County , Michigan , United States .
Alberto Teisaire , who belongs to the Justicialist Party was in office while Juan Perón , married to Eva , was president .
31 December 2006 was the epoch of 110 Lydia and its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 . Its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 kilometres and has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is President .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in 2000 in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , and falls under the category of contributing property . Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County .
1097 Vicia , formerly known as " 1928 PC " , has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 . Its epoch is on 13th January 2016 .
Addis Ababa Stadium , named for its city location , is located in Amharic - speaking Ethiopia .
Elliot See was born in Dallas in 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and joined NASA in 1962 where he performed as a test pilot . He died in St Louis .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis by Eric Flint is a hardcover publication with 448 pages .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 . Its campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , 560090 . It is motto is " Nurturing Excellence " and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The 320 South Boston Building is 121 . 92 metres .
Alan Bean , born in Wheeler , Texas , performs as a test pilot .
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of a Club Sandwich . Ketchup can be added to this sandwich . The Bacon sandwich is popular in the UK whose leader is Elizabeth II .
Born on 13th March 1947 , country music performer Al Anderson once played with The Wildweeds and is now a member of the band NRBQ .
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland is Mario Botta , it has a student population of 600 . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The runway length at Appleton International airport is 1982 . 0 .
Eric Flint , who wrote the book , " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion , " was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
A Loyal Character Dancer , by Qiu Xiaolong , is in print with OCLC number 49805501 .
Big Hero 6 was Baymax ' s first film appearance .
The Pietro Canonica designed Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 and is located in Turkey .
The BBC , which is located in London and broadcast Bananaman , was founded by John Reith 1st Baron Reith .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located at 23rd Street ( Manhattan ) . It was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 .
Cleveland is located within Ohio , .
Located in Paracuellos de Jarama , the Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has the runway name 18L / 36R and a runway length of 4349 metres .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where the language is English and White Americans live .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US where the capital city is Washington DC .
In his youth Abel Hernandez played in the Uruguayan Primera Division with Penarol . His clubs are the Uruguay National Football team and also US Citta di Palermo which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Albert B . White ' s year of birth was 1856 .
A Wizard of Mars is published in the United States in English which is the language of Great Britain . One of the ethnic groups in the US are the Native Americans .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989 - 02 - 24 and he played for FC Spartak Moscow but currently plays for FC Amkar Perm .
Meyer Werft was the builder of the AIDAluna which is owned by , AIDA Cruises . The AIDAluna . currently in service , is 252 metres long and has a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
The AMC Matador is a station wagon equipped with an AMC V8 engine and is considered a full - size car . It was assembled in Thames , New Zealand and is alternatively known as the American Motors Matador .
Abradab , who was born in Katowice , started performing in 1994 and is musically associated with the rapper Magik and the band Kaliber 44 .
AZAL Arena , the ground of AZAL PFK , is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan . AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League , where a championship team called Qarabag FK also play .
Adam Holloway is from the United Kingdom .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 2989 metres .
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy , where its leaders include Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Its capital is Rome ; the language spoken there is Italian .
Halimah Yacob leads Singapore .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ( birthdate 02 - 24 - 1989 ) , played for FC Spartak Moscow . and is now a member of FC Amkar Perm .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV and SV Werder Bremen II , the first team of which is managed by Alexander Nouri .
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2702 . 0 .
The area codes for Arlington , Texas are 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 .
Felipe González ' s predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis .
Located in Germany is AIDA Cruises which operates the AIDAstella built by Meyer Werft .
Bionico contains raisins and is served as a dessert .
William Anders was born on 10 / 17 / 1933 in British Hong Kong . He was of US nationality and retired on 09 / 01 / 1969 .
Alan Bean ( born on 1932 - 03 - 15 ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 and spent 100305 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space !
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s successor was Olusegun Obasanjo .
Aaron Turner is associated with the group Greymachine .
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music , which has its origins in Funk . Hip hop music has a sub genre called Gangsta rap .
Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a part of Apollo 8 and served as fighter pilot .
Aaron S . Daggett was born in Maine , fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin , who was born on January 20 1930 , was a member of Apollo 11 ' s crew .
American Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Siege of Petersburg during the American Civil War . Jefferson Davis was a commander of the war and one of the country ' s many ethnic groups is African Americans .
Adisham Hall , located in Hautale , Sri Lanka , is in the architectural style of " Tudor and Jacobean " and was completed in 1931 .
A Loyal Character Dancer is in print .
William Anders who is a citizen of the United States became a crew member of the Apollo 8 along with Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman .
The production of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé started in 1958 . This car has a coupe style body , a straight - four engine and has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres .
The Aplena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is owned by Alpena Country , Michigan .
Baked Alaska , from France , is a dessert . Cookies are desserts also . French is spoken in France .
The Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and is 159 m above sea level . Its runway is 4000 feet long .
Adam Koc fought in the Polish – Soviet War , a conflict within the Russian Civil War . Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish - Soviet War .
Angola , Steaben County , Indiana is part of the United States . The English speaking U . S . is home to Native Americans and Americans .
Ayam panyet is a dish that contains the main ingredients of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal . The dish is served in Java and originates in Singapore .
The comic book character Aurakles was created by Dick Dillin .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a maximum temperature of 362 kelvins and its periapsis is 259776702 . 47055 kilometers .
Bandeja Paisa is found in the Antioquio Department , is a typical Colombian cuisine and has hogao as an ingredient .
Buffalo New York is part of New York .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas .
Spanish born Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I .
The leader of France is Francois Hollande .
A . T . Charlie Johnson lives in the U . S . and attended Stanford University where his doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham . He is the editor of the publication AIP Advances .
The leader of India is called T S Thakur and another leader there is Sumitra Mahajan . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in India .
The Atatürk Monument , located in Izmir , Turkey ( led by the President of Turkey ) , was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 .
Aleksandra Kovac became active 1990 as a solo singer and pop music player for the same band as Kornelije Kovač . He is associated with Bebi Dol , a musician .
Aarhus Airport is located in the Central Denmark region of Tirstrup , Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken ?
Albert Jennings Fountain , who was born in Staten Island , died in the U . S .
AZ Alkmaar ' s ground is the AFAS Stadion .
Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is from the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . The tart is made with shortcrust pastry .
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland , the leader of this country is Enda Kenny and one of the languages used is English .
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force which uses the Aermacchi MB - 339 as a trainer aircraft . The Vice President when Abubakar was in office was Mike Akhigbe who took over from Oladipo Diya and was later succeeded by Atiku Abubakar .
The address of Alan B . Miller Hall is 101 Ukrop Way and it was completed on " 1 June 2009 " . The current tenants are the US based Mason School of Business .
Andra is a singer associated with the singer Puya .
An ingredient of bhajji is gram flour , bhajji is from India and has the alternatives names of bhaji and bajji .
Alan Shepard is a US citizen who was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with a MA in 1957 and has died in California .
The Lancia Thema is related to the Saab 9000 and the Alfa Romeo 164 . The Alfa Romeo 164 ' s assembly line is in Italy , where Rome is the capital .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry .
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician , who played with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
Walter Baade who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf , discovered 1036 Ganymed . Halton Arp was one of his doctoral students .
Spacewatch discovered the 410777 2009 FD which has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an epoch date of the 27th June 2015 .
Ayam penyet is from Singapore and Java ( home of the Baduy people ) . In Singapore they speak English .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including Chinatown in San Francisco , the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle .
The American Gene Nolan created the character Ben Urich .
Aleksandra Kovač began her musical career in 1990 and her genre is rhythm and blues .
Born in the United States , Al Anderson started his career in 1966 . He was a member of The Wildweeds and now plays with the band , NRBQ .
After DeMarce short stories were published in the Grantville Gazettes , there came 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Eric Flint of Burbank California , who was influenced by Robert A , Heinlein , as a sequel to Grantville Gazette III .
The Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq .
Akeem Priestley , who played for the Connecticut Huskies youth team , is a player for the Harbour View F . C . and is in the Jackson Dolphins club .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
Rona Fairhead is the key person for the BBC which broadcast Bananaman and has its home at Broadcasting House in London .
1036 Ganymed which has a rotation period of 37116 also has an apoapsis measurement of 611961000 kilometres .
The apoapsis of ( 410777 ) 2009 FD is 259776702 . 47055 kilometers and it has a mean temperature of 258 . 0 kelvins .
The dish Asam pedas comes from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia , the people of Malaysia are known as Malay also the Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia .
The Javanese dish , Ayam penyet , is also found in Singapore . This Chinese - speaking nation , led by Tony Tan , is known for ayam penyet , which is a national dish of Java .
1634 The Ram Rebellion is a novel from the United States . The leader of the country is known as a " President " and people are called " Americans . " The capital is Washington D . C . and one ethnic group there are African Americans .
John Sánchez , is one of the leaders , in the New Mexico Senate .
The Akita Museum of Art is an art museum located in the city of Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
Bananaman starred Jill Shilling and first aired on the 3rd of October , 1983 being broadcast by STV .
Barack Obama is the president and leader of the USA where Native Americans are an ethnic group , 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the USA .
Ann Arbor forms part of Washentaw County in Michigan , United States . Detroit is the largest city in Michigan , where the capital is Lansing .
Augustus Putin ( born in Bloomsbury ) was the architect of Adare Manor ( located in Adare , part of Munster ) and The Palace of Westminster .
Alexander L . Wolf . is the leader of the Association for Computing Machinery which published ACM Transactions on Information Systems .
Abbreviation for AIP Advances is AIP Adv . and the code is AAIDBI with an impact factor of 1 . 524 .
Sheldon Moldoff , an American national is the creator of Black Pirate AKA Jon Valor .
Montreal Canadiens have been the champions of the National Hockey League the most times .
Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell and can be served warm ( freshly baked ( or cold . The main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
The United States is home to an ethnic group , African Americans , and also where written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain , A Wizard of Mars originates .
The leaders of Catalonia in Spain are the Parliament of Catalonia and a traditional dish from that region is Arròs negre . The Spanish language is spoken in Spain and the leader of the country is Felipe VI .
Allen Forrest is an exponent of Pop music , which when part of fusion genre , is what Disco music is .
A . C . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy where the Italian language is spoken by the inhabitants who are known as Italians . The leader of the country is Pietro Grasso and the capital city is Rome .
Anders Osborne was signed to the record label Alligator Records which is associated with the Blues .
The manager of A . C . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who owns Torino FC .
Acura TLX is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s place of birth was Connecticut .
Adonis Georgiadis has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally .
Part of the Royal Artillery , Airey Neave , was a hero who was awarded the Distinguished Service Order .
Abraham A Ribicoff , who was married to Ruth Ribicoff , was born in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is a hardcover publication written by Eric Flint .
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit which had a garrison in Hohne . He fought in the Battle of France for which Hugo Sperrle was a commander .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . Anwar Zaheer Jamali is one of the leaders of Pakistan .
Barack Obama is president of the United States where A Wizard of Mars was published and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737 and the dean is Thomas Pallesen .
Batogor , which comes from Indonesia , is a variation of Shumai and Siomay dishes .
The Ariane 5 was made by ESA and Arianespace and was launched at ELA - 3 .
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season and has 27250 members .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and was a member of the Republican party of the United States . He was also a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Allen Forrest is a solo singer whose genre is hip hop music , which originates from Disco . A derivative of hip hop is drum and bass .
Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding . It is popular in the area of the Derbyshire Dales .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long . It has a V12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada , where the leader is Elizabeth II and black Canadians are an ethnic group .
Fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin , who went to Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 , was a crew member of NASA ' s Apollo 11 .
Aleksander Barkov Jr . was born in Tampere , Finland ( 1995 ) and his club is the Florida Panthers .
The manager of A . C . Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who plays for Vicenza Calcio .
Andrew Rayel is musically connected to Bobina and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
The leader of the government in Dublin is the European Parliament .
Crewe Alexandra FC , Footballer , Alan Martin , was born on 01 / 01 / 1989 . He is 185 . 42 cm tall and played for Accrington Stanley F . C .
Tapioca is found in bakso which is popular in Indonesia and Southeastern Asian countries . Bakso comes from Indonesia .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala .
One dish variation called Barny Cakes is the use of milk in the recipe .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . where there is an ethnic group of African Americans .
The Aston Martin V8 , with its 5 . 3 liter engine , assembled in Newport Pagnell , is made by Aston Martin . It was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage and is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Akeem Ayers debuted with the Tennessee Titans and is a former player of the St . Louis based , St . Louis Rams . The Rams are coached by Steve Spagnuolo .
Staten Island is the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain ( died in the U . S . ) , who battled in the American Civil War , during which , Jefferson Davis was a commander .
101 Helena , which has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kms was discovered by the Canadian National , James Craig Watson . His alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Chicharrón is a dish traditional in Spain . Bandeja paisa , which has Chicharron as an ingredient , is a traditional dish from the Paisa region .
Test pilot Alan Bean , who is now retired , was born in Wheeler , Texas and later became a crew member of Apollo 12 .
The 11 Diagonal Street originated in 1978 .
Ayam penyet is a popular dish in Malaysia and Indonesia . It includes Fried Chicken which is squeezed or mashed served with a sambal as a main course .
The 1955 Dodge has a straight six engine and a station wagon style body .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the Topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States which has the capital of Washington DC and where English is spoken , as it is in Great Britain also .
Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3992 . 88 and is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
Isaac Rojas was the successor to Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , Argentina . Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral by profession and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
AEK Athens F . C . is in the Superleague of Greece , where their ground is located .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The country ' s leader is Philippe of Belgium and French is one of the official language there .
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20 , 1930 . He was selected by NASA to be part of the Apollo 11 crew in 1963 . He is now retired .
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N . Phillips and he was a member of the United States Democratic Party . He was also the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut and his successor was Albert E . Austin .
Candombe singer Alfred Zitarorosa is signed with Odeon Records and is associated with musicians Hector Numa Moraes and Ciro Pérez .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland . he began his carreer on March 4 , 1901 and ended it on March 4 , 1905 . His successor was William M . O . Dawson .
978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 is the ISBN number of " 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis " which was authored by Eric Flint .
Aaron deer plays the bass guitar and his musical genre is indie rock which originated from garage rock music .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S , of which Joe Biden is a leader , is written in the same language that is spoken in Great Britain , English .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where Valentina Matviyenko is a leader .
Alexandria , Indiana is part of Madison County Indiana . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana , in the U . S .
Bananaman was first aired on 3 October 1983 by the BBC . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Graeme Garden .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , United States , and its nearest city is Frederick , Maryland .
Aaron Deer performs Psychedelia music and has a background as a solo singer .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas , Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI . The main language used in Spain is Spanish , and euro is the currency .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta , Ohio . He died in Parkersburg , West Virginia and was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President . Stephen Yong Kuet Tze was the deputy to Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub . Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub succeeded Mr . Mahmud .
The place of the death of Alfred Garth Jones was Sidcup , London whose leader is the European parliament and is governed by the authority of Greater London .
With an elevation of 167 . 94 metres above sea level , Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand .
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport , which is operated by the Indian Air Force . The airport is located in Agra and has the ICAO location identifier of ' VIAG ' .
Born in Charlottetown on Oct 12 , 1986 , Adam McQuaid weighs 94 . 8024 kilos .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . Their full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
The icebreaker was built by Aleksey Chirokov in Finland . Aleksey is in Helsinki .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the Euro is used as currency .
One of the main ingredients of the cuisine of Binignit , in the Philippines , is the sweet potato , and another is coconut milk .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia , in the United States .
Bhaji and bajji is made with gram flour .
Built by Meyer Werft , the AIDAstella is 253260 . 0 millimetres long and has a beam of 32 . 2 m .
Baked Alaska comes from France where French is the national language and the leader is Gerard Larcher .
Madrid is part of the community of Madrid .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and condiments are ingredients used in them .
Led by the California State Assembly , Anaheim , has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . Anaheim , is part of Orange County , which is part of the greater Los Angeles area , in California , in the United States .
Alfred Giles was born in England and died in Kendall County , Texas . He designed the Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House .
1097 Vicia ( formerly " 1928 PC " ) has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and the epoch is on 13 January 2016 .
Alan Shepard was an American , who was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M . A . He died in California on the 21st July 1998 .
The main ingredients of Arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
Alan bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . After graduation from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . , he was chosen by NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member of the Apollo 12 , commanded by David Scott .
Alison O ' Donnell , who performs jazz music is attached to the record label Fruits de Mer Records and she is signed to the Floating World Records label .
In Uruguay the language is Spanish .
10R / 28L is the runway name at Aarhus Airport . It is 2777 meters long with 25 meters above sea level . Aktieselskab operates the airport .
John Cowper Powys ( born : Shirley , Derbyshire ) wrote Weymouth Sands , which was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance ( preceded by Wolf Solent ) . The sequel to Weymouth Sands is Maiden Castle .
St Vincent - St Mary High School is located in the state of Ohio .
Arem - arem is a Javanese dish commonly found in Indonesia and is comprised of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
The musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun ( born in Istanbul , Turkey ) , is rhythm and blues which originated from blues music and which has disco as a derivative .
Alpharetta , Georgia is 55 . 4 square kilometres in size , is 346 above sea level , has a population density of 992 . 6 people per square kilometres and uses area codes 770 , 404 and 678 .
Fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin was picked by NASA in 1963 to help crew Apollo 11 . Aldrin was born January 20th , 1930 , graduated from MIT with a Sc . D . in 1963 and is now retired .
The Aston Martin V8 originated from the UK , led by Queen Elizabeth II and is related to the Aston Martin DBS which is succeeded by the Aston Martin Vantage .
Agustín Barboz died in Asuncion , which is part pf the country of Paraguay , where the leader is Juan Afara .
Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham . John Madin was born in this city and was the architect of 103 Colmore Row .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where they speak English and White Americans live .
Elliot See who was originally from Dallas graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . He then went on to become a test pilot and has since passed away .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where White Americans live .
Born in Ponteareas ( Spain ) , Abel Caballero is a national of Spain . The country where the leader is , Felipe VI of Spain and where the language is Spanish .
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov and served in office with President Alfons Gorbach .
Alison O ' Donnell performs folk rock music and plays the bodhran .
A long long way is published by Viking press .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in the United States and before being succeeded by Anthony J Celebrezze worked as Governor of Connecticut .
Built in Brussels , Belgium , the Audi A1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 5 speed manual transmission .
Egg Harbor Township is a part of New Jersey .
The Acura TLX has a K engine made by Honda .
Alex Day was born in the London Borough of Havering . He is an acoustic musician who plays with Chameleon Circuit and is associated with Charlie McDonnell .
Aaron Turner of Massachusetts started performing in 1995 . He is a progressive metal musician who has played with Twilight and is currently a member of the Lotus Eaters Band .
Vietnamese is one of the languages being spoken in California .
The Polish language is used in Poland , the country Adam Koc is a national of .
Albany in Georgia , has a population density of 535 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader . The Spaniards are an ethnic group in the country .
William Anders retired in 1969 - 09 - 01 .
John van den Brom plays for De Graafschap .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington , D . C . The leader of the United States is called the President and this is Barack Obama .
Albert B . White is a politician .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , whose largest city is Burlington . He died in Sycamore , Illinois which is in Dekalb County .
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in the state of Texas . The state is located within the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark and it was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . It is affiliated to the European University Association , which has its HQ in Brussels .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is Olympique Lyonnais whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Caterpillar Inc . is located in Peoria , Illinois and their engine powers the AIDAluna .
The runway at Angola International airport is 3800 long .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , Manhattan , New York , United States . The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa in California , where Spanish is spoken .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is of the order Commelinids .
The capital of the United Kingdom is London .
São José dos Pinhais is part of the state of Paraná .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and was at FC Bari 1908 . He is in the Vicenza Calcio club .
The capital of the United States is Washington DC . and the largest city there is Seattle . King County is the location of Auburn , Washington which is in the United States .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut .
Aaron Turner was born in the United States .
Italian born Alessio Romagnoli represented his country at Under 16 level and later played for AC Milan .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the U . S and worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare . He was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
Batagor , a variation of Shumai , comes from the country of Indonesia , it consists of a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
AS Roma player Alessio Romagnoli represented Italy at Under 16 level .
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . It is the prequel to Grantville Gazettes .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and started being active in 1930 . She is a performer of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music . Disco derives from rhythm and blues .
Alpena County Regional Airport has an elevation of 210 metres above sea level and is located at Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom , where Aston Martin V8 is assembled . The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin and succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The runway length is 4 , 100 and the runway name is 18L / 36R .
The leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is Fantasy literature .
Kempe Gowda is the founder of Bangalore , the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology whose President is B M Reddy .
Alan Bean was on the crew of Apollo 12 .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where the language spoken is known as Philippine English . The country includes people of Moro ethnicity .
Greek is the language of Greece .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , in the US , where Asian Americans comprise one of the ethnic groups there .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is in Iraq . The airbase has the ICAO Location Identifier , ORAA and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 . The name of the runway at al Asad Airbase is 09R / 27L .
110 Lydia has a mass of 5 . 7kg and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 km .
The surface type of the 497 . 0 long runway at Alderney Airport is poaceae .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is a member of C . D . Aguila .
Andrew Rayel , associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine , has also worked with Mark Sima .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan whose leader is Gale Brewer .
The author Eric Flint was born in Burbank California . He wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III .
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book .
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin and is in Greenville , Wisconsin , part of Menasha & Kimbery , Wisconsin .
the main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment .
200 Public Square , which has 45 floors is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States .
The United States Air Force , which is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase was involved in battles at the invasion of Panama and deploys the General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon aircraft .
The book A Long Long Way comes from Ireland , where there is an ethnic group of White people and where the capital city is Dublin . This book was followed by The Secret Scripture , which was published by Faber and Faber .
' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' , which was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . was preceded by ' 1634 : The Baltic War . ' .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a student population of 600 . The dean is Mario Botta . The country ' s leader is named Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz , the genre that Alison O ' Donnell plays .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the United States where the Americans and the ethnic group of Asian Americans live .
Philippines is the country where the dish Batchoy comes from . Ethnic groups there include Zamboangans and the llocano people . Languages spoken are Philippine English and Arabic .
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell , Dothan , Alabama and was originally a solo singer and he is a exponent of Pop music .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s current club is AC Milan .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Joe Biden is a leader . The book is written in English as spoken in Great Britain .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA and its backup pilot was William Anders . Buzz Aldrin ' s nationality is American , and the country ' s leader was called Joe Biden .
Alan Shepard retired 1st of August 1974 .
The film Big Hero 6 , starring Alan Tudyk , has a character called Baymax .
The first club Jens Härtel played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig .
A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000 and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . It is categorized as a Contributing Property to the United States .
Bacon Explosion , a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area , includes the main ingredients of bacon and sausage .
Suburban Legends ' Aaron Bertram is a Ska punk musician .
Attica , Indiana is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana .
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark and has Marriott International as its tenant . It was designed by 3XN and has 23 floors .
The mean temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is 265 . 0 kelvins . It has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres and its epoch is on the 13th of January 2016 .
Anders Osborne is a professional singer and he is associated with Johnny Sansone . He performs rock music and he signed to the Rabadash Records . Bhangra music is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The currency of Singapore is the Singapore dollar .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone who founded the company in Turin Italy .
The main ingredient in binignit is sweet potatoes but it also has bananas . The dish comes from the Philippines .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University ( in Denmark ) is affiliated to the European University Association ( HQ in Brussels ) . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
Located in Punjab , Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3 , 310 metres and a runway name 18L / 36R .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States and written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Harbour View FC and he plays for Orange County Blues FC under their manager Oliver Wyss .
Caterpillar Inc was founded in the U . S . and is located in Peoria , Illinois . A Caterpillar Inc . engine provides the power type of the AIDAluna .
Aaron Boogaard was born in 1986 in Canada .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War which included the Battle of Gettysburg in which Aaron S Daggett fought .
Angola International Airport , has a runway named South Runway , and is located at Ícolo e Bengo . Ícolo e Bengo is in the Luanda Province , in Angola .
Aaron Hunt played for the Goslarer SC 08 youth team .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) from Argentina has a ship beam length of 24 . 4 and is 192000 . 0 mms in length . It has provided spare parts for NaeL Minas Geraisand and the remainder was scrapped in 2000 .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan , U . S . The capital of Michigan is Lansing .
The Aston Martin V8 was made by Aston Martin in the United Kingdom ( which is led by Elizabeth II ) . It is related to the Aston Martin DBS and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
Aaron Turner ' s origin is the United States .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10 , 1989 , debuted with the Tennessee Titans and has played for the Los Angeles Rams .
Ann Arbor is located in Michigan where the capital is Lansing .
Alfons Gorbach , who died in Graz , was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria where the spoken language is Austrian German and the country ' s leader is Doris Bures .
Bakewell pudding is classed as a Dessert .
Abner W . Sibal of Connecticut Senate , District 26 , succeeded Marjorie Farmer .
Acura is a division of Honda which manufactured the Acura TLX which has a Honda K engine .
Elizabeth II is the leader in the United Kingdom which is where the Aston Martin V8 is assembled . This car was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine and the musical artist , Bobina . He began his career in 2009 and his musical genre is trance music .
Bionico is a dessert ( as is cake ) that includes sour cream .
An ingredient of the dessert baked Alaska is meringue . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can also be served as a dessert .
Juventus F . C . are former champions of Serie A , A . S . Roma also play in the same competition .
English is spoken in Texas .
The novels Maiden Castle followed the novel Weymouth Sands , which itself was a sequel to A Glastonbury Romance which followed Wolf Solent . All were written by John Cowper Powys .
Al Anderson plays with the rock band NRBQ . Rock comes from country music which features the banjo as one of its instruments . A fusion of rock music is known as Bhangra music .
The 320 South Boston Building has a height of 121 . 92 metres .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science before being a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA .
The ground of Hamilton Academical F . C . is located in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire .
The footballer Alan Martin has played for Hamilton Academical FC , whose home is New Douglas Park . Aldershot Town FC is another of his former clubs .
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and an epoch of 31st December 2006 . Its mass is 6 . 7 kg and it has an orbital period of 142603000 .
The dessert Binignit comes from Mindanao , Philippines . It includes banana and sago .
109 Felicitas , has an average speed of 17 . 73 kilometres per second , and an apoapsis of , 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , in India , the country where T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders .
Ayam penyet originates in Java but can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore . The main ingredients are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal .
Narendra Modi is the leader of India .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , are found in the region of Karnataka and its ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
The capital of the United States is Washington DC . and King County is part of it . Auburn is part of Pierce County , Washington and King County but Tacoma is the largest city .
Adare Manor was completed in 1862 .
Allan Shivers , was born in Lufkin , Texas , and served in the Democratic Party in the U . S . Allan Shivers , was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey .
Auburn , in Lee County Alabama , has Opelika as its county seat . Alabama is part of the U . S . which is home to Asian Americans .
109 Felicitas , has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , and weighs 7 . 5 kilograms .
Authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by Grantville Gazette II which in turn was preceded by The Grantville Gazette .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and it ' s launch site was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . It ' s maiden flight was on the 09th January 2014 and it ' s final flight was on the 28th October 2014 .
Disco is a music genre containing other genres like pop music , where you find Allen Forrest as a performer , and therefore can be considered a fusion genre .
Al Anderson plays country music for the NRBQ band and he also played with The Wildweeds band . He started with the NRQB band in 1966 .
1963 was the beginning of folk musicain , Alison O ' Donnell ' s active years . Alison O ' Donnell is associated with the band Head South By Weaving and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band .
Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS - 3 and it was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . It is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length and has a four - stroke engine .
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy , where Rome is the capital and Italian is the language spoken . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and its dean is Mario Botta . The leader of Switzerland is titled the Federal Chancellor .
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta , Ohio and is married to Albert B White . His successor was William M O Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
The United States of America ` s Chief Justice is John Roberts .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is Olympique Lyonnais .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , part of Manhattan , in the United States . The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr .
Water is an ingredient in Ajoblanco .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was founded in 1928 in Denmark . It has strong connections with the European University Association and currently has 737 members of staff and 16000 students . The dean of the University is Thomas Pallesen .
Elliot See was a student of the University of Texas in Austin , the same school that has Gregory L . Fenves as its president , is affiliated with the University of Texas system and competes in the Big 12 Conference . See died in St . Louis which was once part of the Kingdom of France .
John Madin , born in Birmingham , designed 103 Colmore Row . The B postcode is the postal code of Birmingham and the Liberal Democrats are leaders there .
Johns Hopkins University Press is located in the United States and published the American Journal of Mathematics , the academic discipline of which is Mathematics .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio where the Left Ecology Freedom are the leading party .
Dublin is a part of the Republic of Ireland .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . The director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and the University is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet .
Aaron S . Daggett was in the Battle of Antietam , part of the American Civil war conflict , during which , Robert E . Lee was a commander .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of White Oak Swamp .
The President is the leader of the U . S . An ethic group there are African Americans . The dessert , Baked Alaska , is from the U . S .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F . C .
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is located in the state of Karnataka . The complete address is In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore India 560090 .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . KACY is the ICAO location Identifier of the airport which has a runway length of 3048m and elevated 23m above sea level . The name of the runway is 13 / 31 .
Bill Marriott is one of the key people at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark .
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan state where the largest city is Detroit and it is located in the United States .
Canada , the birthplace of Aaron Boogaard , is led by Elizabeth II and includes the ethnic group of Asian Canadians .
The state of Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to the west and is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology . The Institute was given Technical campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Gérard Larcher . It is also served in Hong Kong where they speak Chinese and Carrie Lam is the leader .
The Civil Aviation Authority of Wellington , New Zealand is the operating organisation for Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
The ingredient condensed milk is used in Bionico and this derives from the region of Jalisco .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción , in Paraguay . The country where the Mestizo people are an ethnic group and where the leader is , Juan Afara .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat India . Anandiben Patel is leader in Gujarat whilst TS Thakur is leader in India .
The Grenadier Guards fought in the Battle of Waterloo .
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and it ' s architect is Helmut Jahn .
Alan Bean , a US National , was born in Wheeler Texas on 15 March 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1955 and became a test pilot before being chosen by NASA in 1963 to become a crew member on Apollo 12 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established at Bangalore in 2000 . It has 700 postgraduate students .
The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo where arem arem comes from .
The United States is led by Barack Obama and uses the English language , which is also used in Great Britain . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans and it is where A Severed Wasp was written .
Arem - arem , which is a dish of Javanese cuisine , originates from Indonesia . The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the language is Indonesian .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built by Finland , where Sauli Niinisto and Juha Sipila are leaders .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road Ahmedabad , India .
Abner plays football with Real Madrid Castilla under their manager Luis Miguel Ramis . He also plays with the Brazil national under 17 team and Coritiba Football club .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah and is located in Habbaniyah . Its runway is 4019 long and is 84 meters above sea level .
The epoch date of 1089 Tama was 26 November 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and its apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
Mayor is the title of the leader of Ann Arbor , which has a population density of 1580 . 7 people for each of the 74 . 33 square kilometres it covers .
Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria , where the leader is Doris Bures . Alfons Gorbach , was born in Austria , in the state of Tyrol , and died in Graz .
Akron , Ohio is located within the United States ( capital city : Washington D . C . ) where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Akita Museum of Art can be found in the Akita Prefecture in the city of Akita in Japan , where the ethnic group is the Filipinos .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . and that country has a political leader called Joe Biden . The Bacon Explosion comes from the U . S .
Above the Veil a book produced in Print was authored by Garth Nix .
Andrew Rayel plays trance music which originated from house . He is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns .
Alfons Gorbach was in office while Adolf Scharf was President .
Aaron S . Daggett was in the Battle of Gettysburg that was commanded by Robert E . Lee .
1634 : Th Bavarian Crisis by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , is available in hardcover .
Allen Forrest is a solo singer and hip hop musician who was born 1981 , in Dothan ( Fort Campbell ) , Alabama .
Anders Osborne has worked with Tab Benoit .
The Moro people are an ethnic group in the Philippines .
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and one of the ingredients is frangipane .
The municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was erected in 2000 and categorised as contributing property .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is the language .
Bill Oddie was born in Rochdale .
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States . A political leader there is Paul Ryan , the capital is Washington D . C . and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol , was published by the Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences . This publication has an LCCN number of 60040714 and a CODEN code of APGPAC .
Akeem Ayers . was born on 10th July 1989 and has been active since 2011 . His debut team was Tennessee Titans and another former team , is St . Louis Rams .
US Army member Alfred N . Phillips retired 01 / 03 / 1939 . The U . S . Army participated in the American Civil War .
Akeem Adams , whose club was Central F . C . , played for United Petrotrin F . C . , the ground of which is , Palo Seco . Akeem Adams died in Budapest , a city in Hungary .
The rocket Antares , which is comparable to Delta II , was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in both the Korean War and the 1986 bombing of Libya .
The Lockheed AC - 130 , an attack aircraft , and the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules , a transport aircraft , are used by the United States Air Force . The likes of which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and operates the Al Asad Airbase .
The Indian Air Force has a transport aircraft called the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III and it also operates Agra Airport .
The comic book character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema , a winner of the Eisner Award .
Buenos Aries is the capital of Argentina where the ARA Veinticinco De Mayo ( V - 2 ) comes from .
Now dead , Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the U . S . Navy , an award that is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
1097 Vicia , with the epoch date 13 January 2016 , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0112 kmps and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres . Its orbital period is 135589000 . 0 .
103 Hera has the escape velocity of 0 . 0482 km per sec .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and Paul Ryan is a politician . Asian Americans are one ethnic group of the country and English is spoken there .
Aaron Boogaard , who played for the club Wichita Thunder , was born in Canada in 1986 .
A . C . Milan play in Serie A .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader and where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level and serves the city of Fallujah .
Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are a leaders in Greece where Athens is the capital and Greek is spoken . A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 . He graduated from University of Texas at Austin , and competed in the Big 12 Conference .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the record label Deram Records and plays jazz music .
The Neptun Werft is located in Rostock and bullit the A - Rosa .
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses HAL Light Combat Helicopter ( aircraft helicopter ) and the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III ( a transport aircraft ) .
11264 Claudiomaccone , with an epoch date of November 26th 2005 , has a rotation period of 11473 . 9 . Its orbital period is 1513 . 722 days and it has an apoapsis measurement of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Miri , Malaysia , is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and represents Kota Samarahan . Mahmud lives in Sarawak .
The Antares rocket made its maiden flight on April 21st 2013 and had its final flight on July 13 , 2014 . It is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Poaceae is the order of Commelinids .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans , who are based in Nashville , Tennessee and coached by Mike Mularkey . Ayers later played for the Los Angeles Rams , whose home ground is the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where Elizabeth II is the leader . It is also where Black Canadians are one of the ethnic groups .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Fulton County is found . The County is in the state of Georgia and is where Alpharetta is located .
The city of Antioch , Contra Costa county , San Francisco Bay , California is led by the Mayor .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , where the capital is Rome . Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy , whose people are called Italians .
AS Roma ' s home ground is in Rome . They played in the 2014 season in Serie A which has Juventus FC as former champions .
Ace Wilder ' s occupation is a singer .
Abarth is the manufacturer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé which was designed by Gruppo Bertone who were founded in Turin .
Andra , a solo rhythm and blues singer , was born in 1986 in Campia , Turzii . She has also been a reality TV judge .
The leader in Austin Texas is the Mayor .
Rhythm and blues player Ahmet Ertegun was born in 1923 . Disco derives from rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music .
The BBC broadcasted Bananaman which starred Bill Oddie .
The death place of Ahmet Ertegun is New York City .
The Comic book character Ben Urich was created by Roger McKenzie and Gene Colan .
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou , French Guiana , including its headquarters and ELA - 3 , the launch site of the Ariane .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Iraq national under - 20 football team and Al Kharaitiyat SC .
Anderson , part of the Anderson Township , is part of Fall Creek Township , in , Madison County , Indiana , in the U . S .
The AC Hotel , Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen .
The total area of Anaheim California is 131 . 6 sq km including 25 . 2 sq km of water .
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N . Phillips who worked at the United States House of Representatives .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
The production of the Abarth 1000 GT started in 1958 and it has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres . It is a two door coupe and has a straight four engine .
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman which is broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983 .
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League where the champions are Qarabag FK .
William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1033 , was picked by NASA in 1963 to be part of Apollo 8 .
Alaa Abdul Zahra has represented the Iraq national football team at Under 20 level . He now plays for the Qatar Stars League side Al Kharaitiyat SC , who play at Al Khor and are managed by Amar Osim .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 518 . 0 .
Ab Klink , who worked as a member of the House of Representatives , was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
The ALV X - 1 rocket had a total of one launch .
William Anders who was born on October 17th 1933 in Hong Kong graduated in 1962 with a M . S . William Anders went on to become a member of the Apollo 8 crew and retired in 1969 .
The president is the leader of the United States , where Albuquerque , New Mexico is located and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Airbus Defence and Space manufactured the Ariane 5 which had a diameter of 5 . 4 metres . It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre , making its maiden flight on 4 June 1996 and the final flight on 18 December 2009 .
Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka . The country ' s capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte , the Tamil language is used and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattor , Kerala , India was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . The Ganges is a river in India .
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C .
The AMC Matador , also known as VAM Classic , is assembled in Thames , New Zealand . It has a Coupé style body and has a AMC V8 engine .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia which has Malaysian Chinese and Malay ethnic groups . Asam pedas is a dish also from Sumatra .
Uruguay Olympic football team member Abel Hernandez plays for the club Penarol , which is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music with the instrument , the autoharp . Funk music comes from Jazz music .
The Ariane 5 , made by Airbus Defense and Space , launched from Guiana Space Centre on March 2 , 2004 . It is 5 . 4 m in diameter and had its last trip on Dec . 18 , 2009 .
Alfred Moore Scales took part in American Civil War battles .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States where English is spoken and the city council leads the municipality .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the ESA and launched at ELA - 3 .
Central Español , who play in the Uruguayan Segunda División , is where Abel Hernandez played youth football . He was part of the Uruguay Olympic football team and also played for U . S . Città di Palermo , where the manager was Giuseppe Iachini .
Acura is a division of the Honda Co . which manufactures the Honda K engine used in the Acura TLX .
The motto of Acharya Institute of Technology , which has about 500 employees , is Nurturing Excellence .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , whose successor was Olusegun Obasanjo , worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff .
Arlington is located in Tarrant County , Texas . The county seat of Tarrant County is Fort Worth , and the largest city in Texas is Houston .
The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenabat Airport .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is in Denmark and has the Marriott International as a tenant . The Marriott was founded in Washington D . C . German is one language spoken in Denmark .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey in the United States . He went to work for NASA in 1963 . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He was a member of Apollo 11 which was organized by NASA .
Frank de Boer played for the Ajax Youth Academy .
The Addis Ababa Stadium and the Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa in Ethiopia . Amharic is spoken in Ethiopia .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab Pakistan . The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan , where Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader .
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is 610 metres above sea level is in San Sebastián de los Reyes , part of the Community of Madrid , Spain .
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
Alex Day was born in Hornchurch , United Kingdom .
Baked Alaska hail from France and is found in Hong Kong . France is led by Manuel Valls ; Hong Kong , Carrie Lam .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and his musical genre is Candombe . His background includes solo singing and the record label he uses is Movieplay .
Alpena , Michigan is served by Alpena County Regional Airport which is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan at 210 metres above sea level and with a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT ( which contains lettuce ) and is itself a variation of the club sandwich . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , where the leader is Elizabeth II .
1923 NZ1951OB was the former name of 1000 Piazzia .
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol , Austria - Hungary .
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte , and worked as a member of the House of Representatives .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the league .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War and was awarded both the Virtuti Militari and the Cross of Valour ( Poland ) .
Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . Christian Burns plays House Music .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo , a place led by Daniel Martinez .
Born in Cleveland , Albert B . White was married to Agnes Ward White , He started his career on March 4 , 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905 . Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Marv Wolfman was the creator of Bibbo Bibowski .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , part of the Madrid community in Spain .
Anaheim , California has a population of 336265 and its total area is 131 . 6 sq . km . It has a UTC offset of - 7 and 657 and 714 are its area codes .
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Centre .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from . The country ' s ethnic groups include the llocano and Zamboangan people . Philippine English is the official language but Arabic is also spoken there .
The current tenants of the Robert A M Stern designed Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States are the Mason School of Business .
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kg and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
The Antares rocket , which was manufactured by Orbital ATK and is 3 . 9 m in diameter , first launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on July 13th , 2014 and made its final flight on July 13th 2014 .
Akeem Dent used to play for the Atlanta Falcons based in Atlanta .
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 103 Hera .
Anaheim is part of California where Tom Tait is a leader and they speak English . The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol and they lead Anaheim , California .
Baked Alaska is founded in Manuel Valls led France or Chinese speaking , Hong Kong ( led by Carrie Lam ) .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC .
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and given the Territorial Decoration . His career ended on March 30 , 1979 .
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico and he was born in Staten Island .
The United States includes the ethnic group of native Americans and is the location of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which has its headquarters in New York , operates Atlantic City International airport . This airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , in the United States .
Appleton , Wisconsin , part of Kimberly Wisconsin , is served by Appleton International Airport and part of the Grand Chute Wisconsin .
Attica , Indiana is in the U . S .
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the United States . The US is home to African Americans and English is the language spoken there .
Americans are the people occupying the U . S . where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Albany is located in Dougherty County , Georgia in the United States .
Edwin E . Aldrin Jr , also known as Buzz Aldrin , is an American born on Jan 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT in 1962 with a doctorate in Science . He began working for NASA in 1963 and was part of Apollo 11 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , or sometimes called the Alfa Romeo 168 , is considered a mid - size luxury executive car It ' s engine is also known as a straight - four engine .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa .
Alvah Sabin was born October 23 , 1793 .
Made by Dodge , the 1955 Dodge has a V8 engine and a 120 inch wheelbase .
Bakwell tart ( variant of a bakewell pudding ) includes fruit preserves . The pudding hails from Patrick McLoughlin led Derbyshire Dales .
Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic .
Born in Imst , in the state of Tyrol , Alfons Gorbach , was a politician from the Austrian People ' s Party , who died in Styria .
The Albuquerque City Council has a leadership role in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States . Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council . The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States and a lot of people speak English there .
Albert B White died in 1941 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is called Sparta Prague .
The AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors , a subsidiary of which , is Wheel Horse . Roy D . Chapin Jr . is a key person at American Motors .
The United States ( led by the President of the United States in the nations capital , Washington , D . C . ) is the origin of the ALV X - 1 . Citizens of the United States are called Americans , and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Mayor is the title of the leader of Akron , Ohio .
Union Township in Madison County is partly covered by the city of Anderson . It is located in Indiana which has the capital city of Indianapolis .
The comic character Bolt , who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
William Anders is a US national .
1000 Piazzia ( formerly known as 1967 ED ) has an epoch of June 27 , 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km / sec and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
Alan Shepard ( born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire ) graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 and been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , who retired 1st of August 1974 has died in California .
Ace Wilder Stockholm native solo singer .
AMC Matador , known also as the American Motors Matador , has an AMC V8 engine and was made in Austrailia .
Lemons ( part of the rutaceae family . ) are an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , a dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia .
Andrew White is associated with the musician Marry Banilow and plays for Kaiser Chiefs band . He started his career in 2003 and signed to B - Unique Records and Fiction Records .
The cars , the Seat Ibiza , Volkswagen Polo Mk3 and Audi A1 are considered related means of transportation as they are similar types of vehicle .
Agnes Kant , born in West Germany , was a Member of the House of Representatives .
Buzz Aldrin , now retired , was born in the United States .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Sparta Rotterdam .
Coconut milk is an ingredient of Binignit , a type of dessert . Another type of dessert is sandesh .
Stellendam was the birthplace of Ab Klink .
Admisham Hall completed in 1931 with a Tudor Revival style is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka .
Tomatoes , which are one of the members of the order Solanales , is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
The AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta , it has a staff compliment of 100 and 600 students .
Attica is in Fountain County , Indiana , United States .
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from and is found in Indonesia .
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 1 / 19 with a length of 1533 . 0 .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style and a 2160 millimetre wheelbase .
The United States Air Force operates Al Asad airbase in Iraq . The airport has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA , and a runway name of 08 / 26 with a length of 3992 . 88 .
The order Rosids features almonds which are an ingredient in ajobanco .
The musical genre of Aaron Turner is Doom metal .
Aenir is 233 pages long and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which is located at Jinnah International airport , is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport .
Born in Athens , Greece , Adonis Georgiadis , worked for the office of the Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally .
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died in 1941 .
Aarhus has a magistrate government . To its northeast is Mols . The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus .
The AMC Matador and the AMC Ambassador are relative means of transportation , while the AMC Matador is assembled in Port Melbourne , Victoria , and available in a 1974 model .
Albany , Georgia , is in the United States , where Americans live . The leader of the United States is called the President of the United States , and Native Americans are an ethnic group there .
1089 Tama ( former name : A894 VA ; A904 VD ) , has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometre , and the epoch date , 2005 - 11 - 26 .
The Alfa Romero 164 has a 6 - speed manual Getrag transmission .
The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland helps to lead the country .
The French language is spoken in Canada , the birthplace of Adam McQuaid .
From Indonesia , Arem arem ' s main ingredients are , compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Malaysia and found in Java . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal and also fried chicken .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , Munster .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves that area . Its runway length is 2744 and it is 210 meters above sea level .
Saab 9000 is related to Alfa Romeo 164 .
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . It has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
John van den Brom , who is a member of the Jong Ajax club and plays for Vitesse Arnhem , has been manager of AZ Alkmaar .
In New Jersey , you can find Atlantic City , Newark ( largest city ) , Trenton ( capital ) , and Native Americans .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union and elevated 268 . 0 meters above sea level . The town has an area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and its population density is 523 . 9 inhabitants / sq km .
Randall County is located in Texas , United States .
Viking Press published " A Long Long Way . " The book is a prequel to The Secret Scripture .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial is located in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , led by Artur Rasizade .
Al Anderson , from the band NRBQ , ( The Wildweeds ) was born in Windsor Connecticut , 1947 - 03 - 13 . He started his career in 1966 .
Acoustic musician Alex Day was born in the U . K . and began performing in 2006 . He plays with Chameleon Circuit and is associated with Charlie McDonnell .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial made of red granite and white marble can be found in Azerbaijan .
Peter Stöger played for SC Wiener Neustadt .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain .
Donal O ' Ceallaigh discovered 15788 1993 SB .
Abraham A Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare .
Avocado is part of the Lauraceae family and is of the genus Persea . It is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa which originates from the Paisa region .
AIP Advances ( AIP Adv ) has the impact factor 1 . 524 .
Adonis Georgiadis served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Evangelos Venizelos was deputy . The successor to Antonis Samaras was Konstantionos Mitsotakis .
Aaron Deer from Indianapolis , United States is a Psychedelic music artiste .
103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 437170000 . 0 kms .
Like a cookie , Bionico is a dessert that is made using granola as one of its ingredients .
Bandeja paisa includes Avocado ( genus : Persea ; family : Lauraceae ) , found in the Antioquia Department region of Colombia .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is FC Karpaty Lviv .
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England . It was designed by the architect , John Madin , has 23 floors and the building of it was completed in 1976 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak .
The Acura TLX assembly line is located at the Marysville Auto Plant and it ' s classed as a mid - size car . It has a V6 engine in a front engine design layout .
Ahmet Ertegun is a rock and roll music performer , whose origins came from country music .
The Alan B Miller Hall cost 75 million dollars .
Lahore is served by the Allama Iqbal International airport located in Punjab , Pakistan which is led by Mamnoon Hussain .
Aaron Deer is an indie rock keyboard player .
Alan Bean was born on March 15th , 1932 . He served as a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 12 . He is now retired . The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott .
Former clubs of Akeem Adams include T & TEC Sports Club and Ferencvarosi TC .
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen . The current tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington by key person Bill Marriott .
Azerbaijan , where the leader is the Prime Minister and the capital if Baku , is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the battle of Baku . The local name for the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
Alfa Romeo 164 , Lancia Thema and the Saab 9000 are related types of transportation .
The Alvis Speed 25 has a 4387 . 00 cc engine .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operation organisation of Aarhus Airport where the runway 10L / 28R with a length of 2776 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where Barack Obama is the President . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Dave Challinor played for Bury F . C .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the South Region , Brazil . This airport is operated by Infraero and is located in São José dos Pinhais which is part of the state Paraná .
Albert B . White , born in Cleveland , was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
American test pilot Alan Bean was part of Apollo 12 and was born in Wheeler , Texas .
The Lancia Thema is a realted transport to the Alfa Romeo 164 which in turn , is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma .
The United States is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia and includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is located 88 meters above sea level . The runway is surfaced with poaceae and has a runway length of 497 .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and can be found in Java as well . The main ingredients of the food are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
With a V8 engine , the AMC Matador , sometimes known as the VAM Classic , was assembled in Mexico City .
Bananaman , starring Jill Shilling , is broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3rd October 1983 .
Manufactured by Dodge , the 1955 Dodge ; has a wheelbase of 120 . 0 inches , a V8 engine and has a hardtop .
Albany is a city in Oregon ( state capital : Salem ) within the United States . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Anaheim , California is led by the California State Assembly located in the California State Capitol . Chinese is spoken in some parts of that state .
The currency of Spain is the Euro , it ' s also where Ajoblanco is from and the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria - Hungary and died in Graz . Doris Bures is the leader of Austria , where Austrian German is the language used .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which has a periapsis measuring 41498400000 . 0 , has the epoch date 13th January 2016 .
Alan Martin is a footballer for Ayr United FC .
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and performs electroacoustic music .
Andrews County Airport in Texas has a runway length of only 8 . 0 and is 973 above sea level .
Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago , is the creator of Barny cakes . These cakes come from France , where French is the national language and the leader is Francois Hollande .
1089 Tama ' s epoch date if November 26 , 2005 . It has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres , a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
The main ingredient of Asam pedas is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . The dish is from the country Indonesia and is eaten in the Malay Peninsula .
Alliant Techsystems produces the XM25 CDTE .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the OCLC number 45644811 .
Alfred Worden was a backup pilot on the NASA operated Apollo 12 where Alan Bean served as a crew member .
Livorno Calcio S . p . A . is abbreviated to A . S . Livorno Calcio .
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region and it ' s leaders are the Parliament of Catalonia .
Appleton , Wisconsin is serves by Appleton International Airport which is in Greenville , Wisconsin . The airport is 280m above sea level , the length of the runway is 1982m and is known as runway 12 / 30 .
Batchoy originated from the region of La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines . The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
Agra Airport is operated by the Airports Authority of India .
The 1955 Dodge and the Plymouth Plaza are both cars . The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom are connected means of transportation .
The main ingredients of Batchoy , which is eaten in the Philippines , are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC whose home place is Al Khor and whose manager is Amar Osim . Mr . Zahra plays for the Iraq national under 20 football team .
Baduy is an ethnic group of Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . This dish is from the Singapore region , where Tony Tan is a leader .
Jones County , Texas is within the United States .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab in Pakistan and run by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The leader in that country is Nawaz Sharif . Lahore , Pakistan is served by this airport .
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asunción , part of Gran Asunción . The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and Paraguay is where the Spanish language is spoken .
Daniel Martinez is a political leader in Montevideo .
Alan Martin , the footballer , plays for the club , Ayr United F . C .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style and its production started in the Year , 1958 .
The main ingredients of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay , where the leader is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez . He was born in Montevideo .
Amarillo , Potter County , Texas is in the U . S .
Frank de Boer , who played for the Netherlands national football team , is the manager of AFC Ajax .
One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is the Palace Of Westminster .
Solo singer Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , of which a derivative is funk . Rhythm and blues originated from the blues .
William Anders was born 1933 - 10 - 17 .
Ernie Colón is a national of Puerto Rico so he is considered Puerto Rican .
A Clerk ( municipal official ) is the leader of Atlantic City , N . J . where the population density is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and where the total are is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . His career finished on March 3 , 1857 . Burlington is the biggest city in Vermont .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres . It was discovered by Spacewatch .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City . He worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare and was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
Dead Man ' s Plack , which is made of rock , is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . It is found in England , the capital of which is London . Cornish is one of the languages spoken in England and one of the ethnic groups found in the country is the British Arabs .
Alan Shepard was a test pilot .
Located in Texas , Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 above sea level and has a runway length of 8 . 0 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria and died in Graz . Austria uses the Austrian German language and is led by Doris Bures .
Aarhus Airport is in Tirstrup , part of the central region of Denmark where the Danish is the language and Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader .
The Alfa Romeo 164 engine is also known as a straight - four engine .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States . Here there are many Asian Americans . The leader of this country is known as the President , who is Barack Obama .
The Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works is the operator of Antwerp International Airport , which has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
The league Steel Azin F . C . play in is Iran Football ' s 3rd Division .
Barack Obama is a leader of the United States where Albuquerque , New Mexico is located .
AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala which has to its northwest Mahé , India . The largest city in India is Mumbai .
The United States includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is the location of the city known as Angola in Indiana .
Homer Elihu Royce was the successor to Alvah Sabin , who worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and died in Sycamore , Illinois .
The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais , part of the south region of Brazil . Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero .
Amatriciana sauce has tomato as one of its ingredients .
Alcobendas is in Spain .
The Jackson University team is known as the Jacksonville Dolphins , which is the club of Akeem Priestley , who plays for Orange County Blues FC . Oliver Wyss is the manager of the Orange County Blues FC .
Aaron Deer is a performer of the music genre Indie rock and he plays the piano .
The governing body of Birmingham is the City Council along with the British politician Khalid Mahmood . The city , which has the B postcode , is the home town of John Madin who was the architect responsible for 103 Colmore Row .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Born Staten Island , New York , Albert Jennings Fountain died , on 1896 - 02 - 01 , in Dona Ana County , New Mexico , in the United States .
Abel Caballero is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ' s founding date was on 1907 - 07 - 11 .
Bacon Explosion is a dish made of sausage and bacon .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who played football for Bury FC .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB , which was discovered by Donal O Ceallaigh , has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 . The periapsis measurement is 3997100000000 . 0 and the apoapsis is 7715100000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The Vietnamese are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Bionico is a dish found in Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in the US . It is located in the state of Texas which has Houston as its largest city .
Aarhus airport serves the city of Aarhus , it ' s leader is Jacob Bundsgaard .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , Pacific Grove , California .
Aleksandre Guruli club is AS Lyon - Duchere .
Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong and France . The leader of Hong Kong is Carrie Lam and the leader of France is Gerard Larcher .
Rodolfo Llopis preceded Felipe Gonzalez .
Aleksandra Kovac , an exponent of Funk , is a solo singer , who became active in 1990 . She is associated with the musical artists , Kornelije Kovač and Bebi Dol .
Operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport . This airport is 211 metres above sea level , has a runway length of 900 . 0 and 12R / 30L is the runway name .
300 North LaSalle is in Chciago , in the State of Illinois .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President . The campus for the 700 postgraduate students is located at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Dead Man ' s Plack is in England .
Arlington is located at Tarrant County , Texas . The states capital is Austin and the largest city is Houston .
101 Helena has a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 Kilometers .
Arròs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain , the country where Felipe VI is the leader .
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC , airing between 3 October 1983 and 15 April 1986 . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s club is the Italy national under 19 football team and he is also connected to UC Sampdoria .
Aleksandra Kovacs plays rhythm and blues music . She is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and Kristina Kovac .
In the U . S . we can find Native Americans and also the city of Albuquerque in New Mexico which is led by the New Mexico Senate where its leader is John Sanchez .
Seattle is the largest city in King County , Washington .
The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury . He designed the Palace of Westminster and Adare Manor in County Limerick , Munster .
The comic book character Ballistic was created by Michael Manley and Doug Moench .
Andra performs rhythm and blues music , which originated from blues music . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
Alderney Airport has a runway with a length of 733 . 0 metres and its 1st runway is made from Poaceae .
London , the capital of the UK is lead via the European Parliament . 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the country which is led by Elizabeth II and has the currency of the pound sterling .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ( established 1928 ) has 16000 students , 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association .
The operating organization for Agra Airport is the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter and the Boeing C17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
Audi A1 is made by Audi and Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary . August Horch founded Audi .
Indiana in the United States has the capital of Indianapolis and is the location of Angola .
Acharya Institute of Technology ( Director Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar ) is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia whose home ground is located in Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium .
Attica , is part of Fountain County , Indiana , in the United States , the capital of which is , Washington , D . C .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy and is made from tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
AIDAluna has a ship beam of 32 . 2 , 252000 millimetres long and was built by Meyer Werft . AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola . It has a runway 3800 long .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al - Khor Sports Club which plays in the Qatar Stars League .
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol and played for Penarol . Penarol is managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva and they play in the Uruguayan Primera Division .
The Operation Enduring Freedom is one of the battles of the United States Air Force .
Agra airport is located in India and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport has a runway that is 4349 metres long .
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music from Canada , where French is spoken . The Blues is a stylistic origin of rock music , and The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The Coupé AMC Matador , aka VAM Classic , is assembled in Thames , New Zealand , and has a AMC V8 engine .
Alan Shepard is an American citizen who was born in New Hampshire .
Akeem Ayers was born in Raleigh North Carolina .
The municipality for the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
New Britain , Connecticut was the birthplace of Abraham A . Ribicoff who worked as Governor of Connecticut and was succeeded by , John N . Dempsey .
The location identifier of Appleton International Airport is ATW and is 280m a . s . l .
Alex Day plays with the Cheleon Circuit band , associated with musical artist Charlie McDonnell and plays acoustic music .
Arros negre contains Cubanelle and is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain .
Homer Elihu Royce was preceded by Alvah Sabin .
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per sec . It has an epoch date of 31st December 2006 and an orbial period of 139705000 . 0 .
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer in the genre of Candombe . He is signed with the record label Odeon Records .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and the leader is The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
Peter Stöger is at the FK Austria Wien club .
The total area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established on 11th July 1907 ) is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States , where it is categorised as a historic district .
Washington D . C is the capital of the United States and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups living there and Bacon Explosion is a popular local food . The leader of the country is called President and Joe Biden is a prominent person in politics .
Harvard University is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who is the editor of AIP Advances , published by American Institute of Physics .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans and the leader is known as the President .
the full name of Auron ( comics character ) is " Lambien " .
Aaron S Daggett took part on the Battle of Cold Harbor .
The power type of the AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , is the Caterpillar Inc . engine , the company that makes which is located in Illinois and has Douglas Oberhelman as a key person .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , located in the U . S . It is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain . Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
Sergey Naryshkin is a key person at the company Sovcomflot who operate the Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker .
A . F . C . Fylde ' s ground is Kellamergh Park .
Bacon explosion comes from the United States , where Paul Ryan is a leader and white Americans are an ethnic group . The capital of the US is Washington DC and the leader of the United States is called the President .
08 / 26 is the runway name of Alderney Airport .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the leader is Alexis Tsipras and / or Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th , 1907 .
ACF Fiorentina played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A and their ground holds 47290 members .
The rotation period for 1036 Ganymed is 37116 . 0 .
Alan Bean was a US citizen who was born in Wheeler , Texas , He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . degree . He was a test pilot and he served as a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Acharya Institute of Technology offers Tennis as a sport .
Barny cakes can be found in France where both Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls are leaders .
Albany , Georgia is located in the United States where English is one of the spoken languages .
Abradab performs hip hop which originated from jazz music .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland has an academic staff of 100 providing educational services to 600 students .
American A . T . Charlie Johnson , who attended Harvard and whose doctoral advisor was Michael Tinkham , is the editor of AIP Advances .
Ace Wilder ' s musical genre is Hip hop which has the sub genre called Gangsta rap .
Lake Placid , N . Y . is served by the Adirondack Regional Airport .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , is available in paperback and is 512 pages long .
The city of Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon , in the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi , with Audi e - tron as a division and Quattro Gmbh as a subsidiary .
The BBC broadcast Bananaman , which was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and starred Jill Shilling .
The Library of Congress Classification of " A Glastonbury Romance " is PR6031 . 0867 .
Arros negre , containing white rice , is from the Catalonia region in Spain .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , NJ . He is a US citizen and he was selected by NASA in 1963 to become a crew member of Apollo 11 . He has now retired .
Alfons Gorbach , was born in Imst , in Tyrol and died in Styria , in Graz .
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for the club Pallacanestro Cantù .
The Ariane 5 had a diameter of 5 . 4 metres .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore .
Ernie Colon and the US national Paris Cullins created the comic character of Bolt , who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky .
Brian Robertson , a trombonist , is a band member of Suburban Legends .
Alessandro Dal Canto is the coach of the Italy national under - 17 football team .
Barny Cakes ( 1999 introduction ) have 18 g . or carbohydrates .
Found nationwide bit more specific to Java is the dish Arem - arem . The main ingredients of which are ; compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
The title of the leader of United States is The President of the United States .
Albennie Jones is a rhythm and blues performer from which Disco is derived . He is from Errata , Mississippi in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
103 Colmore Row is located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England and was designed by the architect John Madin who calls the city his hometown .
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas which is part of the U . S . in Taylor County . The airport has a runway length of 2 , 194 .
Alan Shepard ( American nationality ) was born on the 18th November 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a MA . He was a test pilot and died in California .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s place of birth was Connecticut and later passed in New York City . He worked as the U . S . Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay where the leader is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
The ALV X - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in it despite being from the United States . The United States has an ethnic group called Asian Americans and Barack Obama is the president .
Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States , and is where Atlantic City International Airport is located . This airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 .
A . C . Chievo Verona is in the league , Serie A .
James Craig Watson , who died of peritonitis in Madison Wisconsin , discovered 103 Hera . He attended the University of Michigan .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the autoharp .
Texas ' county seat of Georgetown is located in Williamson County ( which is the location of Austin ) and has its largest city as Round Rock .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , spent 13017 minutes in space .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the United States .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India . It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Houston is the largest city in Texas but the capital is Austin . The state is the location of Andrews County Airport , uses the English language , and has inhabitants known as Texans .
The Dodge 1955 is a related mean of transportation to the Plymouth Plaza .
The jazz musician Albennie Jones was born in the USA , where African Americans are an ethnic group . The musical genre Afrobeat is a fusion genre which contains elements of other genres such as Jazz .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States , the capital city of which , is Washington DC .
Robert A M Stern is the architect of Alan B Miller Hall , owned by The College of William & Mary and located in Virginia .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London and has 34 floors . London is led by Boris Johnson and The Parliament of the United Kingdom .
The ELA - 3 , located at Guiana Space Centre , is operated by Arianespace of France . It is the launch space for Ariane 5 .
Arlington , Tarrant county is in Texas where the largest city is Houston .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan . It serves the city of Lahore . The leader of Punjab is Shehbaz Sharif .
AIP Advances , edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson , has the ISSN number 2158 - 3226 . A . T . Charlie Johnson lives in the U . S . and Stanford University is his alma Mater .
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana , in the United States . Anderson , is led by the Democratic Party of the U . S . which has its headquarters in Washington , D . C .
In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in Adams County , Pennsylvania . This County is south of Cumberland County and to the northwest of Carroll County , Maryland .
The 1955 Dodge , manufactured by Dodge , has a V8 engine , a hardtop and a wheelbase 120 inches .
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir .
Cleveland is in the U . S . A .
Ahmet Eregum xomes from Washington , D . C . , in the United States . The musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun is rhythm and blues .
Baked Alaska comes from France , a country where Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders . Baked Alaska also comes from the New York region . Arabic is one of the languages spoken in New York .
Alessio Romagnoli played for U . C . Sampdoria in the Italy national under - 16 football league .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league who ' s previous champions include S S Robur Siena . The grounds of the A . S . Gubbio 1910 are located in Italy which currently has Sergio Mattarella as a leader and Rome is the capital city .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is one of the local foods .
Born in Ridgewood , Queens , Abner W Sibal , represented Connecticut ' s 4th Congressional District . He worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Marjorie Farmer .
Alabama is located in the United States . Auburn , which is part of Lee County is located in Alabama .
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0 . 02 km / sec .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States is led by the New Mexico Senate and John Sanchez .
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister , whose predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States .
The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine .
Atlanta , which has the area code of 404 , has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
The location of Afonso Pena International airport is Sao Jose dos Pinhais .
The 1955 Dodge station wagon has a 3 - speed automatic transmission with a V8 engine .
Bacon Explosion is a main course and features the ingredient of sausage among many others .
The nationality of Agnes Kant is the Netherlands , where the Euro is the currency .
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola . It has a runway length of 4000 ft .
Buzz Aldrin , who retired on July 1 , 1971 , spent 52 . 0 minutes in space .
The ALV X - 1 originated in the United States where the inhabitants are known as Americans and include the White Americans among the ethnic groups . The country is led by the President and has the capital of Washington DC .
Imst born Alfons Gorbach died in Austria , where the language spoken is Austrian German and the leader is Doris Bures .
Alan Shepard graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 , he died in California on 1998 - 07 - 21 .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is part of Washtenaw County , United States .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and using McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft fighters , and fought the battles during " The Operation Enduring Freedom " .
Dieter Hecking is the manager of VfL Wolfsburg .
MTU Friedrichshafen is in the city of Friedrichshafen .
Julia Morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building , and also designed Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids .
The US town of Ann Arbor is part of Michigan , whose largest city is Detroit .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Amkar Perm football club , where the manager is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
The Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Baltic War ( written by David Weber ) and 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis .
The USA has Barack Obama as it ' s leader and English is the language which is also spoken in Great Britain . Asian Americans are an ethnic group and A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the USA .
Aaron Hunt has played for , Viktor Skrypnyk managed , SV Werder Bremen and Hamburger SV .
United Kingdom born Alfred Garth Jones , died in Sidcup , London . The U . K . is led by Elizabeth II and London is led by the European Parliament .
Aaron Deer plays the keyboard in the music genre Indie rock . The genre has its origins in New wave music .
The leader of South Africa is called Cyril Ramaphosa .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group . He performs rhythm and blues ( disco is one of its derivative ) .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas in the United States whose capital is Washington D . C .
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer associated with Puya .
Indie rock is the music of Aaron Deer , includes guitar and originates from New Wave .
The United States include the ethnic group of Native Americans and is the location of Angola , Indiana .
Elliot See graduated from UT at Austin , which is affiliated to with the University of Texas System and will compete in the Big 12 Conference . Gregory L Fenves is the appointed president . Elliot See died in St Louis where Francis G Slay is the mayor .
The 3Arena at East Link Bridge was designed by Populous and completed in December 2008 .
Appleton ( part of Kimberly , Wisconsin ) is served by Appleton International Airport located in Greenville ( part of Menasha ) Wisconsin .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Harrietstown , New York , United States .
" A Glastonbury Romance " which has 1174 pages can be found in hardcover .
Abilene Has an area of 286 . 5 sq . km . , ha a population of 429 . 9 people per sq . km . , is 524m above sea level , has an area code as 325 and is located in Texas .
Ace Wilder ’ s musical background is as a solo singer .
Paulo Sousa club is Juventus .
Bhajji comes from the country India where Narendra Modi is a leader .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 , and it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . Its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the European University Association .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India has 700 post - graduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul , although the capital city is Ankara . The country is led by Ahmet Davutoglu and is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument designed by Pietro Canonica which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Izmir .
Akeem Ayers used to play for Los Angeles Rams who are based in LA .
Vehicles that are related are the Alfa Romeo 164 ( made in Italy ) and Lancia Thema . The latter is related to the Saab 9000 .
Baymax , a character in Big Hero 6 , was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania which has Bucharest as its capital and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române . The country is led by Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
1101 Clematis , having a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , and a periapsis of 445895000000 , has its epoch on the 31st of July 2016 .
Robert A . M . Stern is the architect for Alan B . Miller Hall .
American test pilot Alan Bean from Wheeler , Texas , received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 and went on to become a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission .
The Aidastella is a 253 . 26m long Sphinx class cruise ship . She was named on 16th March 2013 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair and originates in the United States . That country is led by Barack Obama from the capital city of Washington DC . It contains the ethnic group of African Americans .
Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
In the United states the leader is called a President , the capital city is Washington DC , an ethnic group is African American and the book 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written .
1001 Gaussia has a mean temperature of 154 . 0 kelvins , it ' s maximum temperature is 165 Kelvins .
Abilene is a part of Texas in the U . S . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 was discovered by Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research making its epoch date July 14 , 2004 . The celestial body has an orbital period of 16244700 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas . The state ' s capital is Austin and its largest city is Houston . Texas ' inhabitants called Texans and english is one of the spoken languages there .
The hardcover book , A Fortress of Gary , has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , New York and also Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown in New York , United States .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and obtained a MA in 1957 from NWC . he was selected by NASA in 1959 and became a test pilot .
Bakso is food found in Indonesia , it includes ground beef , tapioca , Vermicelli noodles , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Fighter Pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on 1st September 1969 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is called Sparta Prague and he plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar .
The leader of Blackpool council is the Labour Party ( UK ) .
Andra was born in Câmpia , Turzii and is a singer and reality tv judge . She did dance pop and began as a solo singer .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , was given ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai .
The bacon sandwich comes from the UK , where Elizabeth II is the leader . A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT , which is a variation of the club sandwich .
The A . S . Gubbio 1910 football club play in Serie D , the champions of which are S . S . Robur Siena .
Alfred Garth Jones came from the U . K . He died in Sidcup , London . The European Parliament and Boris Johnson are leaders of London .
Michele Marcolini is the manager of AC Lumezzane . Previously he played for Atalanta BC and youth football for Torino FC . His own club is AC Chievo Verona .
William Anders is a fighter pilot , who was selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member aboard the Apollo 8 . Frank Borman commanded the mission . Buzz Aldrin was a back up pilot .
James Craig Watson , a Canadian , discovered 103 Hera . Mr . Craig ' s alma mater was the University of Michigan . He died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Buzz Aldrin is a National of the United States . He was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a fighter pilot and has now retired .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science . It has a LCCN number of 89646863 and an ISSN number of 1558 - 2868 .
Ayam penyet is made nationwide in Java , and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . The dish consists of squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Albennie Jones , a rhythm and blues solo singer , was born in Errata , Mississippi . Rhythm and blues music originated from blues and is derived into disco .
Daniel Gould Fowle was the successor of Alfred Moore Scales , who was Governor of North Carolina and a member of the Democratic Party in the United States .
Bionico , made using condensed milk , is found in the region of Jalisco .
Elliot See , who is from the United States , was born in Dallas , on July 23rd , 1927 . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , and later performed as a test pilot . Elliot See died in St . Louis on February 28th in 1966 .
A Wizard of Mars is a book from the United States . The capital of that country is Washington D . C . and English is spoken there ( as in Great Britain ) . One of the ethnic groups there is African American .
Infraero is located in Brasilia .
Aarhus Airport , which serves the city of Aarhus in Denmark , has a runway length of 2 , 776 and is named 10R / 28L . Aktieselskab operates the airport which is 25 metres above sea level .
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin , Trinidad and Tobago and his clubs are the Ferencvarosi TC and the Trinidad and Tobago national under 17 football team .
The ISSN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is 1046 - 8188 and has the abbreviation of ACM Trans . Inf . Syst .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is found in Punjab , Pakistan where Nawaz Sharif is the leader .
Alan Shepard was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 .
Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas . He attended the University of Texas at Austin and was chosen by NASA in 1962 . He died in St Louis .
Garlic is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco .
Abel Hernandez played for the Central Espanol club .
Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum .
Olympiacos F . C . were past champions in the Greece Superleague in which AEK Athens FC also compete . AEK Athens home ground is in Athens and they have 69618 members .
The Acura TLX has front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
Anaheim , California ( English speaking ) , is led by the California State Assembly , which is located at the California State Capitol .
The hardback book , A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and has the ISBN number " 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 " .
The executive class Alfa Romeo 164 Sedan , known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " , has a straight - four , ZF 4HP18Q transmission .
Bhajji is from the Karantake region of India . India is led by Vajubhai Vala and home to the Indian people .
English Football League club AFC Blackpool ' s ground is in Blackpool .
Appletone International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsin . Both Grand Chute and Menasha are parts of Greenville .
Albert B White was succeeded by Republican William M O Dawson .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Indonesia . Sumatra has Malays and Acehnese people for ethnic groups . Jusuf Kalla ia a leader in Indonesia .
The Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa ( Ethiopia ) which is also where the Addis Ababa stadium can be found . The leader of Ethiopa is Hailemariam Desalegn .
Shirley , Derbyshire is the birthplace of John Cowper Powys who wrote " Wolf Solent " . This book is followed by the novel " A Glastonbury Romance " , " Weymouth Sands " and " Maiden Castle " .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States , the country where Amarillo , Texas is located and where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , which was completed in 2000 , is located at the Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion which is a part of Gran Asunción in Paraguay . The country is led by Juan Afara and its ethnic Group is called Mestizo .
The city of Aarhus has a magistrate type of government and is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University which was established in 1928 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907 - 07 - 11 ) is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , with Frederick , Maryland as its nearest city .
Bananaman which stars Jill Shilling is broadcasted by STV .
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm , Sweden on July 7 , 1982 . He has a background as a solo singer .
Andra is a pop singer who has previously worked with fellow singer Puya and the musician Marius Moga .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain . The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by the American Locomotive Company , has a cylinder count of 12 , a V12 engine , a diesel - electric transmission , and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
Indonesia ' s leader ' s name is Joko Widodo .
John Madin is an architect who was born in Birmingham , England and designed 103 Colmore Row .
Buzz Aldrin retired on the 1st of July 1971 .
A . D . Isidro Metapan in the Salvadoran Primera Division is located in Metapan , El Salvador .
Atlantic City International Airport can be found in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the U . S . A .
Standard Chinese is the language of China .
Operated by the United States Air Force , Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The Airbase ' s runway name is 09L / 27R . Its ICAO Location Identifier is ORAA and 3992 . 88 is the length of the runway .
Saranac Lake , New York is located in the U . S .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , which are led by Paul Ryan and whose capital is Washington D . C .
Rhythm and blues singer Albennie Jones was born 1914 in Errata , Mississippi , U . S . A .
Adisham Hall is in Haputale , Sri Lanka and Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of that country .
Sago is one of the ingredients used to make Binignit , which can be found in the Philippines .
Apollo 8 crew members included Frank Borman .
Bhajji originate from India where the Indian people come from . The leaders of the country are T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi . Trance is derived from Pop .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and it is located in Dublin , Leinster , the Republic of Ireland . Criona Ni Dhalaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin .
Anders Osborne is signed with Shanachie Records and blues label , Alligator Records .
Helmut Jahn was the architect of 11 Diagonal Street which was completed in 1983 with 20 floors and a total floor area of 1200 square metres .
Antonis Milionis is chairman of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
The Netherlands is led by Mark Rutte and uses the Euro as its currency . Ab Klink was born in Stelladam .
The country of Akron , Ohio is in the United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Allama Iqbal International Airport , in Punjab Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority , based in Jinnah International Airport .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and the main ingredients in a Bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . Other names for the sandwich include bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
County Limerick is governed by the Limerick City and County Council .
Birmingham born architect John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row . The British politician Khalid Mahmood is one of the leaders in Birmingham .
Barney cakes contain 4 . 8g of fat and 18g of carbs .
An ingredient of amatriciana sauce is tomato ( a member of the Solanales order ) .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , Luanda Province in Angola .
University of Adelaide alum and Japanese Occupied British Borneo Adenan Satem succeeded Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu ' s Abdul Taib Mahmud . Mahmud resides in Kuching .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . , and was selected by NASA in 1963 . He became a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA . The backup pilot on the Apollo 8 mission was Frank Aldrin .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level , has a fifth runway with an asphalt surface .
Using one of the required ingredients , granola , Bionico is a dish served for dessert and is found in the region of Jalisco , in Mexico .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London where Boris Johnson is its leader .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , which is a part of Cook County , Illinois , USA . The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza .
The Antares rocket was last launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on September 18th 2013 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria , Hungary in lmst . He died in Austria where the leader is Doris Bures .
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom , who happens to be a member of Vitesse Arnhem , and plays for both ADO Den Haag and AFC Ajax .
The alternative name of Ahmet Ertegun is A . Nugetre .
A . T . Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances , he resides in the United States .
The Indian Air Force operates the Agra Airport in Agra whose IATA location ID is AGR and ICAO location ID is VIAG .
The full name of AFC Ajax is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which is owned by Bella Centre , has 23 floors and the architect was 3XN .
The City Administrator , Christopher Taylor ( politician ) , leads Ann Arbor , Michigan . Ann Arbor , which has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometeres , has a population density of 1580 . 7 inhabitants per square kilometre . Its area code is 734 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds in Pacific Grove , California was constructed in 1913 and is based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " .
Abraham A . Ribicoff ; was born in Connecticut , is married to Ruth Ribicoff , and worked as Governor of Connecticut .
AIDS ( journal ) has the ISSN number of " 0269 - 9370 " . Its belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS and was first published in 1987 .
Al Anderson of NRBQ plays country music which originated from blues music .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft , Rostock , Germany . The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert and Berlin is the capital .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is in Switzerland , it ' s dean is Mario Botta . Switzerland ' s leader is the Federal Chancellor .
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita ( part of Akita Prefecture ) in Japan . One of Japan ' s leaders isTarō Asō and one ethic group is the Filipinos .
The Bacon Explosion originated in the United States where John Roberts is the leader and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan , of which Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was in office at the same time as John F . Kennedy was president who had been preceded by Dwight D . Eisenhower .
Al Anderson plays coutry music with NRBQ and was a member of The Wildweeds . He was born in the United States and became active in 1966 .
1418 ALCO RS - 3s were built by the American Locomotive Company and they were 17068 . 8 mm in length .
AFC Ajax ( Amateurs ) competed in the 2014 season and it has 5000 members .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who play in the city of Atlanta . He also used to play for the Houston Texans in Texas .
The Kashubian language is spoken in Poland , the country of Adam Koc ' s nationality . He fought in the Polish – Soviet War where one of the commanders was , Leon Trotsky .
A commander in World War II was Chiang Kai - shek .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a staff size of 100 . The country is led by Johann Schneider - Ammann who is the Federal Chancellor .
Democrat Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 of Port Arthur and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey .
Cornell University , where the President is Elizabeth Garrett , is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Akeem Priestley plays for Dayton Dutch Lions .
The Violet Keystone followed the novel Into Battle which itself followed Above the Veil . Aenir was the sequel to that book , and that book was preceded by the novel Castle .
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the United States .
Solo singer Aleksandra Kovac is a Rhythm and Blues musician .
Singer , Andra , performs rhythm and blues music and is associated with Marius Moga and the band CRBL .
The musical genre of Allen Forrest is hip hop music .
President of Turkey is the official title of the Turkish leader .
AEK Athens F . C . is in the Superleague of Greece , in which Olympiacos F . C . were past champions .
AEK Athens F . C has 69618 members , has its grounds in Greece and plays in the Superleague Greece .
Connecticut born Abraham A Ribicoff , a US national , was a member of the United States Democratic Party and held office as the Mayor of Connecticut . He died in New York .
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Galactic and has worked with Tab Benoit .
The Swiss leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann . The municipality of Meride neighbours Mendrisio which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a first runway made of asphalt which is 733 . 0 in length .
The temperature of 1097 Vicia is 171 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
William Anders , who served as a crew member of Apollo 8 , retired on September 1st , 1969 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in 2000 . It has 700 students and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Singer Alan Frew from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada began his career in 1983 .
A Long Long Way is written in the English language and comes from Ireland although English is also spoken in Great Britain . It was followed by The Secret Scripture which is published by Faber and Faber .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician , in which Death metal is a fusion . He is associated with the group Greymachine .
The comic book character Arion was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg .
Anders Osborne ' s genre is rock music . He is signed to Shanachie Records having been previously signed to the record label ' Alligator Records ' .
The 1955 Dodge , also named the Dodge Coronet , has a V8 engine .
The avocado plant belongs to the Lauraceae family and is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst ( in Austria , Hungary ) and died in Graz .
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . The dish is part of Colombian cuisine and comes from the Antioquia department .
Alan Martin plays football for the Clyde FC club and also Hamilton Academical FC whose ground is New Douglas Park .
Andrew White is a musician signed to Polydor Records .
Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg which has the LCCN number 32024459 and can be located using ISSN number 0025 - 5858 .
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in Arròs negre . A dish which is from the Catalonia region , in Spain .
Tabare Vazquez is the leader of Uruguay , the country where Alfredo Zitarrosa was born and died , in Montevideo .
Anders Osborne was signed to the Shanachie Records label and genre is Blues .
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972 in Serbia .
The musician Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns , the latter a performer of house music .
Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County , Texas , while the county seat is Georgetown . Austin is also part of Williamson County and is additionally partly located in Hays County , Texas .
The " Government of Addis Ababa " are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall .
Adam McQuaid was born in October 12th 1986 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of the the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is Otkrytiye Arena , but he previously played for FC Terek Grozny .
Chinese is one of the languages spoken in California .
Antwerp International airport , which is owned by the Flemish region and operated by the Flemish Government , has a runway length of 600 . 0 . It serves the city of Antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level .
10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900GA . It has the epoch date of 27 June 2015 and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days .
Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is part of New Jersey .
Narendra Modi is the leader of India where the currency is the rupee and the Bhajji orginated .
Th music genre for Ahmet Ertegun is blues .
Akeem Priestley was born in Kingston , Jamaica .
Alvah Sabin belongs to the Whig Party ( United States ) which is led by Henry Clay .
In print , A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501 .
The apoapsis for 109 Felicitas is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Attica , Fountain County , Indiana , is found in the United States ( Capital : Washington , DC ) .
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland .
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups . His music genre are Rhythm and Blue in which Disco is a derivative .
Airey Neave fought in World War II and had a political career that started on June 30th , 1953 and ended March 30th , 1979 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London , where Boris Johnson is a leader and it is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
St Vincent St Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Ohio .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern .
Almond is classed as a flowering plant and is from the rosaceae family . It is an ingredient used in Ajoblanco .
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asuncion ( part of Gran Asuncion ) .
Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is home for the Los Angeles Rams , former team of Akeem Ayers .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire has spent 13017 , 0 minutes in space .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is located in the U . S . Both Manhattan and Brooklyn are also situated in New York .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s runway name is " 03R / 21L " .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , and is a member of the " Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak " party .
Anderson is a city in Indiana ( capital Indianapolis ) in the United States and is led by the Democratic Party of the US whose headquarters are on South Capitol Street .
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and was with the bands Isis and Twilight , the latter of which perform music described as black metal . Death metal is a fusion of black metal .
The Asian South Africans group , under leadership of Cyril Ramaphosa , is located at 11 Diagonal Street in South Africa .
Elliot See was a US national , who was born in Dallas . He attended the UT at Austin and performed as a test pilot . He was selected by NASA in 1062 and he died in St . Louis .
To vary arrabbiata sauce , basil may be used .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician who plays the piano .
107 Camilla was discovered by N . R . Pogson , has an epoch date of December 31st , 2006 , and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Alfred Giles was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States ( the origin of A Wizard of Mars ) .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , Texas , United States .
Aaron Hunt , who plays for the club , Hamburger SV , also plays for Viktor Skrypnyk managed , SV Werder Bremen .
Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena which is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland . The Lord Mayor of the city is Criona Ni Dhalaigh and the leader is Dail Eireann .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 was discovered by Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research .
The final flight of the Ariane 5 was on 2003 - 09 - 27 .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and previously played for FC Spartak Moscow .
Marriott International which was founded in Washington , D . C . is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds , along with the significant building of Asilomar State Beach and Chinatown in San Francisco .
Deram Records artist and jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell was with the label , Fruits de Mer Records . London is the home of Deram Records .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which has ketchup as one of the ingredients .
The Atlas II is from the United States , where African Americans are among the ethnic groups and Washington D . C . is the capital city .
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where one of the languages spoken is Arabic and Filipino people live .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who died from peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
Anaheim , California U . S . is part of Orange County , Greater Los Angeles area in California . Anaheim is led by the California State Assembly . It is 131 . 6 sq km total area .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka . Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka .
Dane Whitman , aka the Black Knight was created by John Buscema .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , a dish from Malaysia . It is also from Java , where one of the ethnic groups is Baduy .
10 Hygiea ( previously A900 ) , has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 . With an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per secs , 10 Hygiea , has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 .
1001 Gaussia , which was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC , has an epoch date of 2015 - 06 - 27 and an orbital period of 5 . 75 days .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan .
Abner W . Sibal fought during WWII , the war in which Franklin D . Roosevelt was a commander .
Anders Osborne plays rock music , his record label is the Alligator Records and signed to the Rabadash Records .
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 4 , 100 .
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka .
Baked Alaska with meringue is from France , the US and China .
The US , home to many Asian Americans , is also where Soho Press published the book A Loyal Character Dancer .
The population of Antioch California is 102372 .
Lockheed , Martin is in Bethesda , Maryland .
A . C . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy , the capital of which is Rome . Pietro Grasso is a leader of the Italian people , and the national language is Italian .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham , Kent in England and attended the Magdalene College Cambridge . He began his career on the 5th May 2005 and went on to work in Grenadier Guards in the military .
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion , one of the ethnic groups of the United States is Native Indians also Joe Biden is a leader of the United States .
Baked Alaska is from China and one of the ingredients in it is ice cream .
Aaron Hunt belongs to the youthclub SV Werder Bremen .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Elliot see was born in Dallas , Texas . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . The school is part of the big 12 conference and the president of the school is Gregory L . Fenves .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located 210 metres above sea level at Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena . The runway name is 1 / 19 and it has a length of 1533 . 0 .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was designed by the architects of the 3XN firm .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in India .
The Apollo 8 commander was Frank Borman .
Matteo Renzi and Pietro Grasso are leaders in Italy where Italian is spoken . It is also where Rome is the capital and where Amatriciana sauce comes from .
American Motors was acquired by Chrysler .
Staten Island born , Albert Jennings Fountain , died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Andrew Rayel was a string instrumentalist .
The capital city of the United States is Washington D . C .
The Atatürk Monument is in Turkey which largest city is Istanbul .
Adonis Georgiadis , who was succeeded by Makis Voridis , was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister .
Audi A1 is a hatchback with a 1 . 2 litre engine which is assembled in Brussels , Belgium .
The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C . and the leader is called the President . Akron is a part of Summit County , Ohio U . S . and an ethic group in the U . S . are Asian Americans .
John van den Brom played for the Netherlands national football team . He now plays for RSC Anderlecht and is manager of AZ Alkmaar .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , India , 560090 . It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological UNiversity in Belgaum .
Amarillo is located in Potter County , Texas , United States .
The United States , which is the location of Austin in Texas , is led by the President and includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans among its population .
Anders Osborne has worked with Tab Benoit and is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso as well as with Phil Lesh and Friends .
Abraham A Ribicoff worked as Governor of Connecticut . He was born in the United States , and is the spouse of , Ruth Ribicoff .
Auburn , Alabama is in the United States .
Sausage is an ingredient in Bacon Explosion which hails from Kansas City United States .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil and pecorino Romano are ingredients of traditional Italian Amatriciana sauce .
Andrew Rayel plays a string instrument and is associated with Christian Burns whose musical genre is house music , and also Jwaydan Moyine . Moyine is also associated with the musical artist John Digweed .
In the United States you can find Bacon Explosion , Barack Obama , African Americans , and Washington , D . C .
The ALCO RS - 3 , with a 4 - stroke engine , was made between May 1950 and August 1956 .
Cornell University is in the state of New York .
AZAL PFK stands for " AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu " .
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich ( which contains bacon ) .
Asherton , Texas is part of Dimmit County , Texas , United States . Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . It has the ISSN number1865 - 8784 , LCCN number 32024459 and CODEN code AMHAAJ . .
American was the nationality of John Buscema .
Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle , Illinois , which was completed in 2009 with 60 floors .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza is Asuncion , Paraguay . The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and an ethnic group is the Mestizo people .
Akeem Ayers former team is the Los Angeles Rams who play at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Akeem Priestley played for club RoPS and currently plays for the Orange County Blues FC , which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
Severed Wasp was written in English and is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethic group and where Barack Obama is president .
Led by Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma , South Africa has the capital Cape Town and is the location of the address 11 Diagonal Street .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the language is French and leaders include Claude Bartolone and Francois Hollande .
Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia .
Tadao Ando is the architect of the Akita Museum of Art .
Akron , Summit County is located in Ohio , United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The ethnic group Moro come from the Philippines where Arabic is one of the languages used , it is also where the dish batchoy comes from .
Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr . was the successor of Allan Shivers .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) . In the past he played for Chesterfield FC . and Stockport County FC .
Fried chicken is an ingredient of the dish Ayam penyet which comes from Java and Singapore .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is a type of flowering plant .
The AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins . The capital city of the UK is London and the leader is David Cameron .
Born in New York city ( where French is one of the languages spoken ) , Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War . The same conflict in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Amsterdam Schiphols Airport ' s 5th runway has the number 18 .
The United States is the country of origin of Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The native name of the memorial is " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " and is made from red granite and white marble . The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the official title of the leader of the country .
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 in British Hong Kong . He graduated , with a M . S . , from AFIT in 1962 . He served as a fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963 .
Lansing is the capital of Michigan , where the largest city is Detroit . Also part of Michigan , is Ann Arbor , part of Washtenaw County .
Beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in both Indonesia and Singapore . The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and the country uses the English language .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , which capital is Washington D . C and the language is English , same as in Great Britain .
Rona Fairhead was a key person at the BBC .
Jazz music performer Alison O ' Donnell was previously signed to Fruit de Mer Records and is now with Floating World Records .
Audi A1 , made by Audi , was founded by August Horch .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monocacy National Battlefield and was established July 11 , 1907 .
Barny Cakes come from France where the leaders are Gérard Larcher and François Hollande . Barny cakes are created by Mondelez International who were founded in Chicago .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India . It was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . The leader of Kerala is Kochi . The Ganges is a river in India .
Amarillo is part of Potter County and part of Randall County in the United States . Both counties are found in Texas and the county seat of Randall County is Canyon .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake in New York . Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown and Essex County in New York in the U . S .
William Anders was born 1933 - 10 - 17 and retired in 1969 - 09 - 01 . He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by Nasa with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman as a crew member .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group . It is made nationwide and is also found in Malaysia and Singapore .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , which was established on July 11th 1907 , belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States .
Anders Osborne ' s genre is rock music . His record labels are Alligator Records and Rabadash Records .
James Craig Watson , a Canadian national , attended the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin . He discovered the celestial body , 103 Hera , which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
The AIDA stella is 253 . 26m long and was laid down in 17th December 2008 .
Arabic is a language found in Michigan .
Al Anderson performs rock music , a style that originated from blues music and is fused into bhangra music .
The architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was Alfred Giles .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae and the runway is called " 03R / 21L " .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong on 1933 - 10 - 17 ) was a fighter pilot and went to AFIT , M . S . 1962 .
Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes is located in Deptford .
Paulo Sousa once played for Inter Milan .
Christian Panucci is in the A . S . Roma club .
Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez is the leader of Uruguay and its Uruguayans while Daniel Martínez leads Montevideo . Musician Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo .
The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine . Caterpillar , Inc . was founded in California in the U . S , and is located in Illinois .
The Alderney Airport , which serves Alderney , has an elevation which is 88 metres above sea level and a runway , 03 / 21 , which is 497 . 0 metres long . The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae .
The 27th July , 1932 was the inauguration date of the Ataturk Monument in Izmir , Turkey ; which was designed by Pietro Canonica . Ahmet Davutoglu is Turkeys leader and their national currency is the lira .
The main course Arem - arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine and is also popular in Indonesia . The main ingredients are rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States . In this country one of the ethnic groups is African American and they speak English , same as in Great Britain .
Andrew Rayel has performed the genre of Trance music .
Ground beef is one ingredient in Bakso .
Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Civil War .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester , England UK , He died in Sidcup .
Abel Caballero was born in Spain and became a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party . He worked at the Spanish Ministry of Public Works and Transport .
Arlington is part of Texas where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin .
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and have the variation of the BLT .
Walter Baade , was the one to discover , 1036 Ganymed . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen . He is a German national born in Preubisch Oldendorf .
The Aarhus Airport is located in Aarhus , Denmark and is operated by Aktielskab . It is situated 25 . 0 meters above sea level . The airport has a runway called 10R / 28L which is 2776 . 0 meters long .
Anderson is part of the Anderson Township , Madison County in Indiana within the U . S . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
AIP Advances , ISSN number 2158 - 3226 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut , United States where he also died . His wife was called Casey Ribicoff . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Albert Jennings Fountain , who was born in Staten Island and died in the United States , fought in the American Civil War , where one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is ni turn part of both Awadh and Bundelkhand . The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport .
Peter Stöger is manager of 1 . FC Köln which has 50000 members and participated in the 2014 season .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain .
Eric Flint wrote the book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
The Delta II was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 .
Alan Shepard held the position of the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963 .
Madeleine L ' Engle was influenced by George MacDonald .
Aplena County Regional Airport , which is 210 metres above sea level is owned by Alpena County , Michigan .
Sweet potato are part of the order of Solanales and is a flowering plant . It ' s ingredients are sweet potato and banana .
The city of Amarillo , Texas is in the United States .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in Aarhus , Denmark in 1928 . The School is affiliated with the European University Association and has 737 academic staff .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . Barack Obama is the president of the US where A Wizard of Mars originates from and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The location identifier of Appleton International Airport is ATW .
Buzz Aldrin , real name Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . , was awarded the Legion of Merit ribbon .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas System .
Alfred Moore Scales , a member of the U . S . Democratic Party , was born in Reidsville , North Carolina . He Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle .
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is know as the President of the United States . One of the leaders in the US is Joe Biden and an ethnic group of the United States ( where English is the language ) is Asian Americans .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S . , where Washington , D . C is the capital and English the language . The leader of the United States is the President of the United States and African Americans are among its ethnic groups .
Allan Shivers worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 ( Port Arthur ) .
New York City is the largest city in the United States which has its capital as Washington Dc and hails Spanish as a spoken language . Abilene , Texas is located within the U . S .
John N Dempsey succeeded US born Abraham A Ribicoff , who was the Governor of Connecticut .
Adam Holloway was born in Kent , graduated from Magdalene College Cambridge and served in the Grenadier Guards .
Adam McQuaid weighs 94 . 8024kg .
Auburnis part of both Pierce County and King County , in Washington , in the United States . New York City is the largest city in the United States , where Washington D . C . is the capital .
Rodolfo Llopis preceded Felipe Gonzalez , who was Prime Minister , when Abel Caballero was in office .
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Anaheim , California is led by the California State Assembly .
Atlas II originates from the United States where English is spoken and the President is the leader . The country is inhabited by Americans and includes the ethnic group of African Americans .
1 . FC Köln has 50000 members and were in the 2014 – 15 Bundesliga season .
Albany , Georgia ( Dougherty County ) , is located in the United States , , whose leader is the President . Residing in the U . S . are Americans and among its ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
Amarillo , Texas in the United States is part of Potter and Randall ( county seat Canyon ) counties .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 .
Akeem Dent ' s first team were the Atlanta Falcons and another former team was the Houston Texans .
Andrews County Airport can be found in Texas , where the largest city is Houston and the state capital is Austin . The citizens of Texas , United States are called Texans .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom . A variation of a bacon sandwich or a club sandwich is the BLT and contains lettuce .
Aaoron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays the electric guitar in Sumac and Old Man Groom . He plays the electric guitar in black metal music which can be found in a fusion as Death metal .
Folk musician Alison O ' Donnell began in 1963 and was a member of Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band .
The People ' s Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain which is part of the Community of Madrid . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found there .
Ab Klink is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and studied at the Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
The birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones is Manchester , England ( U . K . ) , his place of death , is Sidcup .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and its OCLC number is 7877110 .
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
Antwerp International airport , operated by Flemish Government and owned by the Flemish Region , has a runway length of 1510 . 0 and is 12 metres above sea level .
Arros negre is a traditional Spanish dish made with Cubanelle .
French is a language in New York .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Indonesia but originates in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader and the spoken language is English .
Pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour are similar to bhajji which uses vegetables as one of the ingredients .
Ayam Penyet is a fried chicken dish from Malaysia and Java . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java .
Buzz Aldrin who is originally from Glen Ridge , New Jersey graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 . He joined NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
The Akita Museum of Art 3 floors .
Alan Shepard was the Chief of the Astronaut Office .
Ahmet Ertegun from Washington D . C . plays rhythm and blues and his background is as a non performing personnel . Rhythm and blues and Disco originated from blues .
Athens is located in the country of Greece .
Born in Fort Campbell , KY ( 1981 ) and was raised in Dothan , AL , Allen Forrest , whose genre is rhythm and blues , is a solo singer .
The Antioquia Department can be found in Colombia and is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from . The avocado is a member of the Lauraceae family and it is one of the main ingredients in Bandeja Paisa .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V - 2 ship ' s beam measures 24 . 4 and it is 192000 . 0 millimetres long . It derives from Argentina , where it was sold to on October 15 , 1968 .
Alan Shepard is Chief of the Astronaut Office and was born in New Hampshire .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States which has the language of English and where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where they speak Italian and Rome is the capital . Pietro Grasso leads the country .
The founder of Bangalore was Kempe Gowda .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician associated with the band Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars , and whose record labels are Shanachie Records and Alligator Records , located in Chicago .
Alison O ' Donnell was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and performed for the band United Bible Studies .
Aarhus in Denmark , which lies southwest of Mols is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University . The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
A Storrs discovered 107 Camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres on 31 December 2006 .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgium . Brussels is the capital of Belgium .
The Honda K engine was manufactured by Honda , a division of which , is Acura . The Acura TLX , has a Honda K engine , and is related to the Honda Accord .
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor ( completed in 1862 ) which is located in Adare in County Limerick .
ACM Tramsactions on Information Systems , or , ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . is part of the Discipline of Computer Science . It can be found by the LCCN number 89646863 .
The European Space Agency manufactured the Ariane 5 which was launched from ELA - 3 and had its final flight on 18 December 2004 .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th 1989 and has played linebacker for the Tenessee Titans and the New England Patriots .
Alex Plante was born on May 9th 1989 .
Asser Levy Public Baths are in New York City of which New Netherland is a part .
Am . J . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and uses the transport aircraft , Lockheed C - 130 Hercules .
Arepa is an ingredient in the Colombian cuisine Bandeja paisa .
The fullname of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva .
Gruppo Bertone was founded in Italy .
AIP Advances has a CODEN code of " AAIDBI " .
The A - Rosa Luna is classed as a Cruise ship . It has ship displacement of 1850 tonnes , a top speed of 24 . 0 and a length of 125 . 8 metres .
1099 Figneria has an apoapsis of 605718000 kilometres and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 . The epoch date is 31 December 2006 and it has a mass of 2 . 7 kgs .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and is a member of the " Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak " party . He represented Asajaya and lives in Sarawak .
With a total area of 144 . 7 square kilometres , Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia , in the United States .
Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients and originates from the Derbyshire Dales .
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank . He used to play for the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston and play in Texas .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore which is led by Halimah Yacob . It is also found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy .
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador which is a mid sized car and equipped with an AMC V8 engine . The car is assembled in Thames , New Zealand .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar .
AIDAluna was christened April 4 , 2004 and made her first trip on March 22 , 2009 . The ship has a 32 . 2 beam and is 252000 . 0 millimetres in length .
" South Runway " is a runway name at Angola International airport .
Am . J . Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics which was first published in 1878 .
Akeem Dent ' s former team was the Houston Texans but he debuted with the Atlanta Falcons who play in the city of Atlanta .
AIP Advances covers the discipline of physics .
The footballer , Abner belongs to the club , C . D . FAS , and also plays for the Coritiba Football Club . Abner ' s current football club is Real Madrid Castilla , where Luis Miguel Ramis is manager .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio established in 1996 currently has 100 staff and 600 students .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a beam of 3 . 8m and a top speed of 8334 km / h .
Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut .
Acura is a division of Honda which is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore .
Buzz Aldrin has won 20 awards .
AMC Matador , related to the AMC Ambassador , is made in Thames in New Zealand . One of its model years is 1971 .
New York city is located in the U . S .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC and the Iraq under 20 team .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , was a crew member of Apollo 14 and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
Asam pedas , also known as Asam padeh , is a dish made in Sumatra , coming from the countries of Indonesia and Malaysia .
11 Diagonal Street has 20 floors and is owned by Redefine Properties Limited .
20 Fenchurch Street is in London where the leader is Boris Johnson and The Parliament of the United Kingdom .
E11 is the location identifier of Andrews County Airport .
The A - Rosa Luna , which was " christened " on the 7th April 2005 , has a length of 125800 mms and a displacement of 1850 tonnes .
A Glastonbury Romance with the ISBN 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 has 1174 .
The Asam pedas is popular in Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader .
Abner is a footballer with the Real Madrid Castilla club .
The final flight of Ariane 5 was on 27th September 2003 .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed to the record label of Floating World Records .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league where Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions .
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in Bangalore , India . It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and his former team was the Houston Texans , which are based in the city of Houston .
AIDAstella is a " Sphinx - class " cruise ship .
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League for the club Anadolu Efes S . K . who are coached by Dusan Ivkovic .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire .
The label Floating World Records signed Alison O ' Donnell , who plays jazz music and is signed with the record label Deram Records .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and is signed to Kissing Spell Records . Funk is a derivative of Jazz .
The comic character Arion , also known as Ahri ' ahn , was created by Jan Duursema .
Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club , is manager of 1 . FC Köln and is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club .
The Jacksonville Dolphins are the university team for Jacksonville University .
Alex Day plays Synthpop music . Synthpop comes from House music with its origins in new wave music . It is also derived from disco music .
The successor to Cleveland born , Albert B . White , was William M . O . Dawson .
Abel Hernandez ' s clubs are Penarol and US Citta di Palermo , which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Tony Tan is it ' s leader .
A . C . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi .
Volkswagen Polo is related to Audi A1 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English and comes from the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans .
The character Bolt , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon , a puerto Rican National .
The late Elliot See was born in Dallas , which is located in the Collin County in Texas .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka which has the capital city of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte . The language spoken in Sri Lanka is Tamil .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Austria - Hungary and died in Graz .
Colombian cuisine includes a dish which has black pudding as an ingredient and that is called bandeja paisa .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England , and as such , comes from the U . K . He is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK and his alm mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge .
The English speaking United States , led by a President in the capital of Washington D . C . is home to Asian Americans and the Atlas II .
Alberto Teisaire belongs to the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was President . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta .
AEK Athens ' s ground is in Greece .
Big Hero 6 , starring Damon Wayans Jr . , features the character Baymax .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , parts of which are Brooklyn and Manhattan ( where Gale Brewer is the leader ) .
General Dynamics Electric Boat Co . built the American Submarine NR - 1 , which has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m , a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h , a ship draft of 4 . 6 m , and was launched on January 25 , 1969 .
Tom Tait is a leader in Anaheim , California .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and did on 1 February 1896 in Dona Ana County , New Mexico , United States .
Roger McKenzie and the American , Gene Colan created the comic book character of Ben Urich .
Switzerland ' s legislature is known as the Federal Assembly .
Alpena County Regional Airport which serves the city of Alpena has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is located at 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States .
Agra Airport is located in India , where the leader is Narendra Modi .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the United States , where English is the language spoken . The leader of Albuquerque is the United States House of Representatives .
Turkey ' s capital is Ankara and the country ' s leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . The currency of Turkey is the Turkish lira and Istanbul is it ' s largest city . The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmi and was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 .
Albilene is part of Texas in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans .
In France the currency is the Euro .
AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , is powered by Illinois located , Caterpillar Inc . Caterpillar Inc . , founded in California , includes key figure , Douglas R . Oberhelman .
Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region and comes from Indonesia and Malaysia .
Aaron Bertram performs ska punk music and plays for the Suburban Legends band .
The Akita Museum has 3 floors and an area of 3746 . 66 ( square meters ) .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran , who has previously worked at FC Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico , it includes sour cream .
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport which has the runway known as 10L / 28R .
The Bacon Explosion , which includes sausage and the titular bacon , is a main course that comes from the United States .
Albany , Oregon is part of the U . S . and one ethnic group in that country is Asian Americans .
The AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador and their assemble line is in Kenosha , Wisconsin . The AMC Matador is in the mid - size car class and has an AMC straight - 6 engine .
Bionico is a food found in Spanish speaking Mexico , a country led by Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland , governed by Cleveland City Council .
The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group within Romania which has a Prime Minister as its leader . The country is the location for the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The largest city in Benton County , Oregon , is Corvallis , Oregon .
Alex Day became active in music in 2006 .
France , United States and China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska , which is made from sponge cake .
Balder Odinson is also known by the name Balder .
The Black Pirate was created by Sheldon Moldoff .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup , which is part of London . The city of London is led by Boris Johnson and also the Parliament of the UK .
Written in English Ring of Fire II is the sequel to 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ( by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint ) which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Rene Goscinny is a French national and also the creator of the comic character Asterix .
Alfa Romeo 164 , Saab 9000 and Lancia Thema are all cars .
Finns is a demonym of Finland .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Zawra ' a SC managed by Basim Qasim .
The LCCN number for Acta Mathematica Hungarica is 83646315 . It is also known as Acta Math . Hungar . and the ISSN number is " 0236 - 5294 " .
Above the Veil is written by Garth Nix and is produced in print . The OCLC number is 46451790 and the ISBN number is 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
Amarillo , part of Potter County , is in Texas , in the United States . In this English speaking country , Austin is the capital of Texas .
The AIDAstella shop was put in service on March 17th , 2013 and it is 253260 mm long .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels . Denmark is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its religion is the Church of Denmark .
A T Charlie Johnson is the editor of AIP Advances and resides in the United States .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 mms in length and is built by the American Locomotive Company .
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 . It has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
Elliot See died in St . Louis which was once part of the Kingdom of France .
108 St Georges Terrace has a floor count of 50 .
Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England ( capital : London , religion : The Church of England ) . One of the ethnic groups found in England is the British Arabs and one of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and his genre is Ska punk .
The A - Rosa Luna is 125 . 8m long and is powered by MTU Frierichshaften engines .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , Opel Vectra and the Fiat Croma are related means of transportation .
Houston is the largest city in Texas and one of its cities is Austin in Travis County .
Anaheim 131 . 6 sq km . a city in Orange County , California a part of the Greater Los Angeles area located in the United States is led by The United House Of Representative .
England ' s capital is London and one of the ethnic groups found in the country are the British Arabs . Dead Mans Plack is a rock formation found in the country and dedicated to Aethelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy .
31 December 2006 was the epoch date of 110 Lydia and its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 kilometres . It has an orbital period of 142603000 and its periapsis is 377016000000 . 0 .
Angola , Indiana is part of the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established July 11th , 1907 and is an historic district founded in the Monocacy National Battlefield . The nearest city is Frederick , Maryland .
Donal O ' Ceallaigh discovered 15788 1993 SB which has an epoch date of March 6th , 2006 . The periapsis of 15788 1993 SB is 3 , 997 , 100 , 000 , 000 kilometres and it has an apoapsis of 7 , 715 , 100 , 000 kilometres .
The AIDAstella was built by Mr . Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruise Line . It is 253260 . 0 millimetres long . The AIDA Cruise Line is owned and operated by Costa Crociere out of Italy .
Aaron Turner played post - metal music with Twilight and Sumac bands . The cello is a post - metal music instrument .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB , with an epoch date of March 6 , 2006 was found by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory . It has an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 and periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 .
Arifin Zakaria is leader of Malaysia , where Asam pedas is found .
The launch site of the ALV X - 1 , which has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres , was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Addis Ababa City hall began being constructed in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
A Wizard of Mars is published in English and originates from the United States .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri Malaysia and lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The people of Finland are known as Finns and the country built the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov .
1101 Clematis , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 , and an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Andra is a singer whose musical genre is Dance - pop . She is associated with Marius Moga and Puya .
NRBQ rock musician Al Anderson is a singer . Rock originates from the Blues and is the basis of bhangra fusion .
American - born Aaron Deer of Indianapolis is a performer of Indie Rock .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region ( led by Vajubhai Vala ) of India . The Indians of India are led by Sumitra Mahajan .
Auburn , Alabama is in the United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C . It is also the country where there are many ethnic groups , one of which is , African Americans .
FC Magdeburg manager Jens Hartel is a former professional who first played for FC Lokomotive Leipzig , and later , for SV Babelsberg 03 .
Attica , Fountain County , Indiana is in the United States : where Washington , D . C . . is the capital .
Alessio Romagnoli currently plays for AC Milan , where he is managed by Siniša Mihajlović and the chairman is Silvio Berlusconi . Romagnoli represented Italy at under 16 level and later played for A . S . Roma .
The Accademia di Archiettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio , the neighboring municipality of Mendrisio is Meride .
Bakewell pudding , which can be served warm or cold , is from the Derbyshire Dales region . Some main ingredients in it are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart .
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by the Caterpillar Inc . engine . Caterpillar Inc . is based in Peoria , Illinois .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and began his career in 2009 . Rayel is associated with musicians Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaijan and dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , the capital city . Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the current leader of the country .
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
Alvah Sabin ; was born in Georgia , Vermont , represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District , and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont .
The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin who are located in Bethesda , Maryland .
Populous were the architects of the 3Arena at East Link Bridge .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , with the American Craftsman architectural style , is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California .
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar .
Bianco , from the Guadalajara region , is a cake variation served for desert found in Mexico where the leader isSilvano Aureoles Conejo .
Abradab is a solo singer that plays hip hop music . Hip hop music has its origins in Disco and Jazz music and Drum and bass music gets its sounds from Hip hop music .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the genre of Fantasy literature .
Finland is home to the Finns , where sami languages are spoken . The leader of Finland is Juha Sipila and the icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was build there in Helsinki .
Bhangra is a musical fusion of rock music as performed by Al Anderson ( singer ) and his band NRBQ . Rock music originated from country music which itself derived from the blues .
Sweet potato and coconut milk are main ingredients in the dish Binignit which comes from is the Philippines .
Born in Connecticut , Abraham A . Ribicoff was an American . Casey Ribicoff was the wife of Abraham A . Ribicoff , who died in the United States . In the United States one of the ethnic groups is the Native Americans .
A book called A Severed Wasp has 388 pages in total .
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where one of the languages is Greenlandic . The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is located in the country and currently tenanted by the Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC .
Alan Shepard was a member of the Apollo 14 crew .
Rostock is in Germany which has Angela Merkel as a leader . The builder of the A - Rosa is Neptun Werft , who are a company in Rostock .
Alexandria is part of Madison County Indiana in the United States .
Austin is in Hays County , Texas , and the largest city of Hays County is San Marcos , .
Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A ( abbreviated to A . S . Roma ) has 70634 members , their ground is in Italy and they were in Serie A in 2014 - 2015 .
The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir , Turkey .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which is of the order Poales .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
Sandesh and Baked Alaska ( which contains ice cream ) are both desserts .
A part of both Harrietstown and Essex county , in New York ( United States ) , the the city of Saranac Lake is served by Adirondack Regional Airport . the same airport also serves the city of Lake Placid , New York .
Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia which has a Malay ethnic group . Asam pedas is a food from there .
As a dish variation on a pakora , cauliflower can be used .
Aaron Turner , a Black metal musician , is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band .
The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad , India .
Christian Panucci has played for Chelsea FC and Genoa C . F . C . and now manages A . S . Livorno Calcio .
Washington state is located within the United States .
the manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge is Dodge .
The fullname of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S . p . A . Its ground is in Livorno and it has 19238 members .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte .
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and was published in both print and paperback . It has the OCLC number of 57392246 and the ISBN number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Greenlandic is one of the languages of Denmark .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , at the address Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It ' s affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and was designed by Pickard Chilton .
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of India , where the currency is the Indian rupee , the people are Indian and from where the dish Bhajji originates .
A Wizard of Mars comes from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D . C .
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California and has the architectural style of Arts and Crafts Movement .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves Alpena , Michigan . It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . Its runway name is 7 / 25 .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the language spoken is Danish .
1097 Vicia , with a mass of 9 . 8 kgs has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km .
Born in Glen Ridge NewJersey in Essex County Buzz Aldrin was a US citizen and crew member of Apollo 11 along with backup pilot William Anders . Joe Biden was the American leader .
Ayam penyet is from Indonesia and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal .
The celestial body known as 109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
Ahmet Ertegun was born 1923 and originates from Washington D . C . , in the United States . Ahmet Ertegun started out as a non performing personnel and his genre is The Blues .
The doctoral advisor of A T Charlie Johnson , the editor of AIP Advances , was Michael Tinkham .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Abu Zahar Ujang is it ' s leader .
Anaheim is part of California in the United States .
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 km .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae which is of the order of Commelinids .
The alternative name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti . It is located in Azerbaijan which is led by Artur Rasizade . The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army killed in the Battle of Baku .
Alan Shepard ' s birth place was New Hampshire and he died in California . He spent 13017 minutes in space and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated in Turkey on 27 July 1932 in Izmir . The leader of the country is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish lira .
Abraham Lincoln was a commaner in the American Civil War where Albert Jennings Fountain was in and he was born in New York City .
Alison O ' Donnell was with the band Bajik .
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal . one black metal musician in Aaron Turner , who performs for Mamiffer .
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20th January , 1930 in Glen Ridge , NJ . He was a fighter pilot , who was hired by NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County in California . Chinese is spoken in California .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the Malay are an ethnic group .
France , United States and China all claim to have invented Baked Alaska .
Spanish - born Abel Caballero worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies .
The Akron Summit Assault team is based in Akron , Ohio .
Adam Koc was born in Suwałki .
Amarillo is part of Potter County , Texas in the United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
1089 Tama , which was formerly known as " A894 VA ; A904 VD ; " , has the epoch date of 26 November 2005 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec . It has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis measurement of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where the Indonesian language is spoken .
The book American Journal of Mathematics has the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 . It is published by Johns Hopkins University Press , Johns Hopkins University , United States .
The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine capable of producing 31 . 48 tax horsepower and the transmission system comprises a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
Agnes Kant lives in Doesburg .
Anderson , Indiana , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County Indiana and Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union which is in the United States .
The launch site of the rocket Antares was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 which is associated with the rocket Minotaur IV . The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II which originates from the United States .
The former name of 1089 Tama is " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " and it has an epoch date of 26 November 2005 and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
The ALCO RS - 3 with a diesel - electric transmission and 17068 . 8 millimetres long , is made by the American Locomotive Co .
Italy ( led by Pietro Grasso ) is home to the Italian people and A . S . Gubbio 1910 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and one of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis ( whose governing body is the International Tennis Federation .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC . in New Douglas Park . He plays for the Crewe Alexandra F . C . that is managed by Steve Davis .
AC Lumezzane , has 4150 members , and play in the Lega Pro / A .
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders of Italy where the Italian language is spoken . The country is the location for the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 .
Addis Ababa City Hall began construction in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , who is attached to the club FSV Zwickau . He played for Berliner AK 07 , and now plays for SV Babelsberg 03 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm and FC Tom Tomsk .
The US Anthem is the Star Spangled Banner and the country includes the White Americans among its ethnic groups and is where the ALV X - 1 originates .
The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation . The 1955 Dodge is manufactured by Dodge and a key person who works there is Sergio Marchionne .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC chaired by Gabor Kubatov .
The full name of AC Chievo Verona is " Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . " . Their home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi and they have 39371 members .
The Alhambra is owned by P & O and is 63800 . 0 millimetres long . It is powered by an engine from Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes who are located in Deptford .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 .
The owner of the 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Bella Center .
Stellendam was the birthplace of Ab Klink , who belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . His Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Aaron Hunt has played football for SV Werder Bremen youth team , SV Werder Bremen II senior team and also Goslarer SC 08 .
Aaron Turner , who performs black metal music , is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band and once played for Old Man Gloom .
Atlantic City can be found in New Jersey , where the largest city is Newark .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets , based in the city of Columbus , Ohio . Adam McQuaid plays for Boston Bruins , which are from Boston .
The Angola International Airport is 4000 length .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest .
Ahmas Kadhim Assad has played for the Syrian club Al Jaish SC and also Steel Azin FC .
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin , succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage , and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Sarawak . He belongs to the party of Parti Bumiputera Sarawak and was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
Bakewell tart is a variant of Bakewell pudding and is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . One of the ingredients is frangipane .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ; served in the Nigerian Air Force , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President , and was succeeded by , Olusegun Obasanjo .
The Engine of an Alfa Romeo 164 is 2 . 5 litres .
Auburn is found in the state of Washington , where the capital is Olympia . Auburn forms part of King County in the US .
Akeem Adams plays for the T & TEC Sports Club and also played for United Petrotrin F . C .
The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline , HIV / AIDS . The HIV virus is from the genus Lentivirus , under the family of Retroviruses .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen leads Denmark under the title of the Monarchy of Denmark . The country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus which is southwest of Mols .
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara , Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . It is served as a dessert and can sometimes include cottage cheese .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician from Indianapolis , Indiana . He has a background as a solo singer and was part of the band Wee Giant .
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin , U . S . A and serves Appleton , Wisconsin . Appleton is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin and Greenville is part of Clayton Winnebago County , Wisconsin .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam during the American Civil War which had Abraham Lincoln as one of its commanders .
The Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene and it ' s 546 metres above sea level with a runway that ' s 2 , 194 long .
Abel Caballero , born in Galicia , Spain , was in office while Felipe González was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I of Spain ( succeeded by Alfonso XIII_ was Monarch .
Big Hero 6 stars Ryan Potter and was Baymax ' s first film appearance . It was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Auburn is in Pierce County , Washington , in the United States .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is made from red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan ( capital Baku ) and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
89646863 is the LCCN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is a United States national . He was selected in 1963 by NASA as a member of the Apollo 11 crew . He has now retired , .
The Atlas II came from the US where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and where Americans live .
Allan Shivers was Lieutenant Governer of Texas and was succeeded by Price Daniel .
The capital of the US is Washington DC , and the country is the location of Auburn , Washington .
Arem - arem is a main course made of compressed rice which is cooked in a banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat . It is found nationwide in Indonesia , but it is more specific to Java .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was made in " Print " .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London , which is led by both Boris Johnson and the European Parliament .
Located in Ithaca New York , Cornell University is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly . The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and it ' s president is Elizabeth Garrett .
DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes preceded 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Anders Osborne ' s record label is Rabadash Records .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama located in Spain . The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airpor is operated by ENAIRE located in Madrid .
Alex Plante was born in 1989 .
The 110 Lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms , an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 km and an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 k . p . s .
Alvis Car and Engineering Company in Coventry was succeeded by The Rover Co . , and manufactured the Alvis Speed 25 .
In the United States , Washington , D . C . is the capital and English is spoken . It is also the country where Abilene ( Texas ) is located .
Arem arem has its origins in Indonesian speaking , Indonesia .
Amarillo Texas has a population density of 746 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres . It is located 1099 . 0 above sea level .
Francis G Slay is the Mayor of St Louis .
The alma mater of Ab Klink is Leiden University .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader .
Cleveland is part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio in the United States . The governing body is the Cleveland City Council and the leader is Frank G Jackson . It is also where 200 Public Square is located .
The Aston Martin V8 ( manufactured by Aston Martin ) and Aston Martin DBS are a related means of transport which was succeeded by the Virage .
Steve Bright is the creator of Bananaman .
Abilene is part of Jones County , Texas , United States .
Above the Veil is followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and their nickname is Lucky Ajax . They played in the Topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season and have 5000 Members .
English is the language of the United States .
Anders Osborne sings the blues under the Shanachie Records label .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and died in Alexandria , Virginia . He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and was succeeded by Donald J . Irwin .
Greek - born Adonis Georgiadis was in office under Prime Minister Antonis Samaras who in turn was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister . Makis Voridis , who was born in Athens , succeeded Georgiadis .
Batchoy is served as a soup course in the Philippines . Its main ingredients are noodels , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
26th District Connecticut Senate member Abner W . Sibal , succeeded by Marjorie Farmer , was born in Ridgewood , Queens and died in Alexandria , Virginia .
Albany , Oregon is part of the U . S . where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans .
Abilene Regional Airport , located 546 metres above sea level , serves the city of Abilene , Texas with a runway length of 2 , 195 .
Sausage in an ingredient in bacon explosion , which is from the United States and is considered a main course .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and is associated with Bajik . She was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band .
British Hong Kong born William Anders was a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 8 alongside backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman .
Elliot See has died in St Louis on 28 February 1966 . A US national , he was born in Dallas and became a test pilot before being selected by NASA in 1962 .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria as a defender .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a Contributing property , and is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania , in the US . Adams County is to the east of Franklin County , Pennsylvania , and it has Carroll County Maryland to its southeast , Pennsylvania ' s Cumberland County to its north , and Maryland ' s Frederick County to its southwest .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and has a diesel - electric transmission and a four - stroke engine . Its length is 17068 . 8 millimetres and it also has 12 cylinders .
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and where the dish Bakso is from .
The Ariane 5 has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama and has a runway length of 4349 . 0 .
Aaron Turner , a singer , played with the band Twilight and Mamiffer . Twilight , can be described as a Black metal band and Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Gruppo Bertone was the designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
' ' 08 / 26 ' ' is the runway name at Al Asad Airbase .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956 . It has a four - stroke engine .
State of Vermont secretary and 3rd Congressional District representative Alvah Sabin preceded Homer Elihu Royce . Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont .
The comic book character Bolt was created by both Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon .
Linebacker Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta , Georgia .
The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is in Japan .
Austin is located in Travis County , Texas .
Monocacy National Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the US .
Albany , Oregon falls under Linn County Oregon .
Luciano Spalletti manages A S Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio .
The manufacturer of the Ariane 5 was The Airbus Defence and Space and it was launched at ELA - 3 . It ' s maiden flight was on June 4 , 1996 and the final flight was on December 18 , 2004 .
Binignit contains sago but has taro as the main ingredient . It comes from the Visayas region of the Philippines .
The apoapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is 6603633000 . 0 km .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , and is in Gujarat . Gujarat once was led by Anandiben Patel , of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly .
Peter Stöger is the manager of FC Koln . In his career so far , he has played for SK Vorwärts Steyr and SK Rapid Wien , and managed at SC Wiener Neustadt club .
Aenir , a paperback book written by Garth Nix , has an ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and an OCLC number 45644811 .
Angola , Indiana lies 324 above sea level and has a population density of 524 . 5 inhabitants for each of the 16 . 55 square kilometres it covers .
English is the language of the United States , where the inhabitants are known as Americans and where Native Americans are an ethnic group . The US is where you will find Angola , which is part of Steuben County , Indiana .
Anderson , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana ( capital of which is Indianapolis ) , in the United States .
Attica is part of the state of Indiana in the United States . It has a 4 . 14 . square kilometres of total area and its population density is 783 . 1 inhabitants / sq km .
Often including honey , Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where Spanish is spoken . The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Cleveland born , Albert B . White ' s , successor was William M . O . Dawson .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is the location of Atlanta and has the capital of Washington DC .
The Antares rocket and the Minotaur IV rocket were both launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The Delta II US rocket is like the Antares Rocket .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is part of Bernalillo County .
Born in Asuncion , in Paraguay , Agustin Barboza , is signed to the record label of Philips Records .
Alan Shepard is a US citizen born in New Hampshire .
John Cowper Powys notableWork was Porius A Romance of the Dark Ages .
Attica , Indiana , is located in the United States , where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire . His notable work includes Porius A Romance of the Dark Ages and A Glastonbury Romance .
The alma mater of Netherlands born , Ab Klink , is Erasmus University in Rotterdam .
Ernie Colón and comic book writer Gary Cohn were the creators of the comic character Bolt .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica , or Acta Math . Hungar . has a LCCN number of 83646315 and a ISSN number of 0236 - 5294 .
Buzz Aldrin , who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . in 1963 , has received 20 awards .
Anderson is a city in Indiana , in the U . S .
Jens Härtel ( Berliner AK 07 ) played for FC Sachsen Leipzig , has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg .
Gordon Marsden is one of Blackpool ' s leaders .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena , he played for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
The comic character , Balder , was created by Jack Kirby , an American .
Born in Faversham , Kent , England , Adam Holloway , is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK and his alma mater is , Magdalene College , Cambridge .
The temperature of 103 Hera is 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
The native name for the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı .
Steven T . Seagle is the creator of Baymax .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The name of the runway at the Airbase is 09R / 27L and it has a length of 3078 . 48 .
American William Anders ( born on October 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong ) joined NASA in 1963 as a Fighter pilot and as a crew member on Apollo 8 .
The footballer Alan Martin plays for Ayr United F . C .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and he played for the Italy national under - 16 football team , which is coached by Daniele Zoratto .
Ann Arbor , led by the City Administrator and with the area code 734 , has a population density of 1580 . 7 persons for each of its 74 . 33 square kilometres .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences .
Universal Music group is the parent company of Philips Records .
Aleksandr Chumakov was a member of the Soviet Union national football team .
The birth place of Allan Shivers is Lufkin , Texas .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in the state of Texas , the language spoken is english because its located in the U . S together with the Capital , Washington DC .
Agnes Kant , born in Hessisch Oldendorf , was a Member of the House of Representatives .
Alan Bean retired in June , 1981 .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 was discovered by Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research and had its epoch date on July 14th 2004 . Its periapsis is 29919600000 . 0 and has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
London is the capital of England where the established religion is the Church of England . It is also the location of Dead Man ' s Plack and the home of the Cornish language which is still spoken .
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University which has the nickname of Cornell Big Red .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain . It is published in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Akeem Ayers made his debut with the Tennessee Titans who are based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed to the record label Kissing Spell Records .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the Airbus Defence and Space and launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
Greenlandic is the language spoken in Denmark .
Ab Klink studied at Erasmus University in Rotterdam , which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs . He is from the Netherlands , where the leader is Marke Rutte .
The 1955 Dodge is a station wagon with a V8 engine .
The Abarth 100GT coupe is a 2 door coupe with a 2160mm wheelbase . Production started in 1958 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka , east of the Arabian Sea was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education , located in Mumbai .
Allen Forrest , a solo singer who performs rhythm and blue music . He was born in Fort Campbell , Kentucky but was raised in Dothan , Alabama .
Appleton International Airport elevation above the sea level in metres is 280 .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which like Harrietstown and Essex County is part of new York .
Former New England Patriots player , Akeem Ayers , was number 39 in the draft pick , in draft round 2 .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and later died in Sycamore , Illinois .
Aenir was written in English by an Australian and has the follow up book Above the Veil .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran , who plays for F . C . Bari 1908 .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , also known by the native name Turk Sehitleri Aniti , is located in Azerbaijan . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and is constructed from red granite and white marble . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland , and is married to Agnes Ward White .
AIDS ( journal ) is published in the UK where English is the spoken language .
Ice cream is a type of dessert , as is Bionico , which contains raisins .
Paul Sousa plays for Juventus F . C . and Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C . while also managing ACF Fiorentina .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is based in New York .
Aaron Boogaard was born in 1986 .
Alvah Sabi ' s career began on March 4th 1853 and ended on March 3rd 1857 . He represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States which is where English is spoken , Native Americans are an ethnic group and the Atlas II is from .
Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco . An exponent of hip hop is Ace Wilder who was born in Stockholm .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is part of Bernalillo County , United States . English is the language of the United States and the leader is the president .
Infraero is in Brasilia .
AWH Engineering College of Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 and has an academic staff of 250 . India ' s largest city is Mumbai and one the country ' s rivers is the Ganges .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan is in the United States .
Amarillo , Texas is 1099 metres above sea level .
Aaron Boogaard ' s birthplace is Canada where one of the languages used is French .
Gabriela Michetti leads the Argentines who are the people of Argentina . The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) which was built by Cammell Laird derives from the country .
In 2000 a monument was erected to the 11th Mississippi Infantry in Adams County , Pennsylvania , US . It is now under the categorisation of Contributing Property .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense have the nickname Asa Gigante .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka ( with capital Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte ) , where Austin Fernando is the name of the leader .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are in the architectural sytle of Romanesque Revival architecture .
Abilene , Texas is located in the United States and Spanish is spoken there . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
Alexandria is part of Monroe township , Madison County , Indiana .
300 North LaSalle is located in Cook County , Chicago , Illinois .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S , the capital is Washington , D . C . and one of the ethnic groups is African American . They speak English , same as in Great Britain .
Abilene , Texas is in the United States .
Originally published in English , a language spoken in Great Britain , A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans comprise one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
Aleksandra Kovač , who was a solo singer , played with Kornelije Kovac in the same pop band . Disco music comes from a fusion of pop music .
Al Asad Airbase , In Iraq , is operated by the United States Air Force . The airbase ' s ICAO location identifier is ORAA , the runway name is 09R / 27L and the runway length is 3992 . 88 .
Alvis Speed 25 was made the Alvis Car and Engineering Company , founded in Coventry .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club and also for US Boulogne .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the USA .
The Association for Computing Machinery is headquartered in New York City .
Aaron Turner falls in the genre of avant - garde metal music and he plays electric guitar .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud , whose birth place was the Kingdom of Sarawak . Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Kuching and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
The country Barny Cakes come from is France , where Francois Hollande is a leader .
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy , which leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is Rome .
Bionico , a dessert , can be found in Mexico . The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken there is Spanish . Another confectionery dessert is Sandesh .
Ann Arbor is located in Michigan where the largest city is Detroit and the capital is Lansing .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción , Paraguay .
The top speed of the AIDAluna is 40 . 744 .
The Atlas II originated and was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born on the 01 - 07 - 1976 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London . The city led by Boris Johnson and the European Parliament .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica covers the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the abbreviation of Acta Math Hungar . The LCCN number is 83646315 .
Dick Dillian is an american who created the fictional character , Aurakles .
The United States Army took part in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion .
Addiction ( journal ) is about Addiction , ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 , LCCN number 93645978 .
Alvah Sabin , who represented Vermon , ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
The population of Antioch , California is 102372 and the UTC offset is - 8 . Antioch has the area code 925 and its total area is 75 . 324 square km .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " , its author is Eric Flint and was put in print .
Andrew White , member of the band Kaiser Chiefs , started his music career in 2003 . He is also associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow .
Binignit has the main ingredient of banana but also includes taro . It originates in the Philippines .
Secretary of State of Vermont and a representative of Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District , Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which has a four - stroke engine . It also has a diesel - electric transmission and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin , in the United States .
The AMC Matador is available in a 1974 model and is assembled in Mexico City .
St Vincent - St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , in the state of Ohio in the United States of America .
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall . The Hall was completed on the 1st June , 2009 and the architect was Robert A . M . Stern .
Aleksandre Guruli has played for FC Karpaty Lviv who are managed by Oleh Luzhny , and also for Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Aaron Deer plays guitar in Indie rock style whose origins are coming from the new wave music .
The average speed of 1099 Figneria is 16 . 37 km per sec .
The apoapsis of 101 Helena is 441092000 . 0 km and it has an average temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
Rick Parker , aka the Arrow , was created by Paul Gustavson .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland .
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner was with the group Greymachine and played with the black metal band Twilight . Black metal has a musical fusion called death metal .
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción . Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion , Paraguay .
Henry Clay was leader of the Whig Party of the United States , of which Alvah Sabin was a member . Alvah Sabin ended his career on 1857 - 03 - 03 .
The bacon sandwich , also known as a BLT is a variant of the Club sandwich and contains tomato . It originates from the United Kingdom .
Albennie Jones is a solo singer and jazz musician who was born in Errata , Mississippi , USA IN 1914 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra belongs to AL Kharaitiyat SC , which is managed by Amar Osim and has its grounds at Al Khor and play in Qatar Stars League . He plays for Iraq ' s national under - 20 football team .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader , are the Native Americans . The country is the location of Albuquerque in New Mexico which is led by the New Mexico Senate .
Based in Bethesda , Maryland , the Marriot International was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorized as a Contributing Property .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which was part of the American Civil War conflict , where Abraham Lincoln was a leader .
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia . Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken .
Ardmore airport in New Zealand is 34 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 597 . 0 . The 3rd runway is made of poaceae and one of the runways is called 03R / 21L .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane ; he also plays for F . C . Bari 1908 and has played for Vicenza Calcio .
Architect , Alfred Giles was born in England .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and published in print .
Giovanni Bertone founded Gruppo Bertone who designed the Abarth 1000 Gt Coupe . It was made by the Abarth company who were founded in Bologna .
The musician Andrew White ' s record label used to be Universal records which is now a defunct label .
Alan Shepard has died in California , where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and you can find the gemstone Beintoite . He served aboard the NASA operated Apollo 14 as a crew member and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy - an award higher than the Department of Commerce gold medal .
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark .
Antwerp is in Belgium and is served by Antwerp International airport . The country is led by Charles Michel and the spoken language is French .
The Aston Martin V8 , related to the Aston Martin DBS is assembled at Newport Pagnell and has a 5 . 3 litre engine . The Aston Martin V8 was made by Aston Martin and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
101 Helena was discovered on 15 August 1868 .
The Appleton International Airport in Greenville , Wisconsin is 280 metres above sea leve .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where the English language is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
The location identifier for Agra Airport , India is VIAG .
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , home of Ajoblanco . Spaniards are an ethnic group from Spain . Spain uses the Eruo as it ' s currency .
Abraham A Ribicoff , who was born in the United States , was married to Casey Ribicoff .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) is academically focused on Paleontology and the ISSN number is 1732 - 2421 .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York .
Barny cakes are found in France where both Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls are leaders .
Ska punk originated from ska music .
The Royal Artillery has a garrison in Hohne .
Aleksandra Kovač was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia .
Auburn is part of Pierce County , Washington .
Jepson Way is the grounds for A . F . C . Blackpool .
Canada ' s ethnic group are the Black Canadians .
Alex Day performs Synthpop music which is a form of pop music .
Pop artist , Allen Forrest , originally a solo singer , was born in Dothan , Alabama , in 1981 .
Anaheim is in Orange County , CA .
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which is from Lazio .
Christian Burns , an exponent of House music , is associated with Andrew Rayel , who plays a string instrument . Andrew Rayel is also associated with artists such as Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
The runway length of Amsterdam ' s Schiphol Airport is 3 , 453 .
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern . The current tenants are the Mason School of Business located in the United States .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3 . 3528 below sea level , has a runway that ' s 3 , 300 long and serves the city it ' s located in .
The abbreviation of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is Acta Math . Hungar and it has the code AMAHE9 as well as the KCCN number 83646315 .
Bacon Explosion - a dish which contains bacon and sausage - originally comes from the United States .
One of the languages spoken in Singapore is English .
Born in San Francisco , Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds , The Riverside Art Museum and buildings of significance in Chinatown , San Francisco .
The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Breaz Valer Daniel .
The Broadwood Stadium is the home ground of Clyde F . C .
Antwerp International airport serves Antwerp , Belgium where the official language is French .
300 North Lasalle was completed in 2009 and is located in Illinois .
Aleksander Barkov , Jr ' s former team is Tappara .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home games at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , Brazil . Vila Nova Futebol Clube are currently the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C .
Architect John Madin , designed 103 Colmore Row , located on Colmore Row , in Birmingham , England .
The area code for Atlanta is 404 .
The country Bacon Explosion comes from is the United States where political leaders include the President and Joe Biden . White Americans are one ethnic group there and the capital is Washington D . C .
The Ariane 5 is manufactured by the European Space Agency , and has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres . It was first launched at the ELA - 3 on August 11 , 2005 , and had its final flight on December 18 , 2009 .
Two of the ethnic groups in South Africa , led by Cyril Ramaphosa , are the Asian South Africans and the coloured people . The country is the location of 11 Diagonal Street and has the capital city of Cape Town .
São José dos Pinhais is where Afonso Pena International Airport is located , This airport has a runway named 11 / 29 , as well as a runway that is 1800 meters long .
Alexandria and Indoanapolis are located in Indianapolis , the latter being its capital . Alexandria is in Monroe Township ( Madison County ) , Indiana .
10000 member strong club AD Isidro Metapan Deportiva - Asociacion Deportiva - plays at Metapan , El Salvador .
Alan Shepard was born on November 18 , 1923 , in New Hampshire , and died on July 21 , 1998 , in California . He graduated in 1957 with an M . A . from NWC , and joined NASA in 1959 .
English is the language of the United States and Great Britain . The capital city of the US is Washington DC and it is from the States that A Wizard of Mars originates .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is also known as Uab and located in Alba Iulia , Alba .
Anaheim , California has a population of 336265 , and a total area of 131 . 6 sq km . It also has the area code , 657 , and the UTC offset of - 8 .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy , which is home to Italians and where Rome is the capital . Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders in this country .
operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand , Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae . It is elevated 34 . 0 metres above sea level , 03L / 21R is the runway name and the runway length is 518 . 0 .
FC Köln played the 2014 - 15 season in the Bundesliga .
Buzz Aldrin has retired .
Adnan Hamad is the manager of Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C .
Arrabbiata sauce originates from the region of Rome and includes the ingredient garlic .
Asherton is part of Dimmit County , Texas .
The band NRBQ ' s genre is Country Music .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in Denmark . It was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737 .
Robert E . Lee was a commander in the Battle of Salem Church .
The fullname of A . S . Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A .
Akeem Ayers , who made his debut for the Tennessee Titans , later played for the New England Patriots .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States and is led by The Albuquerque City Council . The leader of the U . S . is Barack Obama and English is spoken in that country . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
AC Chievo Verona ' s home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi .
Alfred N . Phillip ' s place of birth was Darien Connecticut . He worked at the United States House of Representatives and served in the United States , Army . The United States Army took part in the battle called Whiskey Rebellion .
Afonso Pena International Airport located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , has a 15 / 33 runway with a length of 1800 . 0 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , born in the U . S . , was married to Casey Ribicoff . He worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , which is part of Harrietstown , New York .
Luciano Spalletti plays for A . S . Roma .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , alternatively called the Alfa Romeo 168 , is classified as an executive type car with a sedan bodystyle . It has a straight - four engine and a 6 - speed manual Getrag transmission .
Born in Connecticut , Abraham A . Ribicoff , a national of the United States , was a member of the Democratic Party in the U . S . A . He was the Governor of Connecticut and died in New York City , New York , U . S .
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan who also designed significant buildings in Chinatown , San Francisco .
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3990 . 0 .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras is at the head .
Alan Martin played football for Clyde F . C .
AS Roma play in the Serie A league where the champions are Juventus FC .
Alan Bean went to UT Austin , B . S . 1955 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 . 0 " ( minutes ) in space .
Andra performs rhythm and blues music , a derivative of which is , rhythm and blues .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States . The language of the United States is English .
The Mayor leads Auburn , which has a total area of 77 . 4 square kilometres , and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The Guiana Space Centre has its HQ in French Guiana .
The rocket Antares is comparable to Delta II .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland .
The celestial body known as ( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an orbital period of 69862200 and has a mass of 4 . 0 kilograms .
The American Journal of Mathematics , abbreivated to Am . J . Math . , was first published in 1878 .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow which is where he was born .
Akeem Dent , who was born in Atlanta , Georgia is a linebacker .
Musician , Andrew White , started his musical career in 2003 and his genre is alternative rock . Alternative rock has its stylistic origins in Punk rock and originated from new wave music . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock .
The 1st runway length in feet of Appleton International Airport is 8002 .
Andra sings pop music .
320 South Boston Building was formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building .
Rome is the capital of Italy .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana . Indianapolis is the capital of that state .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jwaydan Moyine and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
Tirstrup is located in Denmark , where Margrethe II is leader . The Aarhus airport is located here .
ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport .
634 The Bavarian Crisis available in print is written by Eric Flint .
1099 Figneria was formerly known as " 1928 RQ " .
The novel A severed Wasp , written in English , originates from the United States . English is the language of Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group of the US .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The postal code of Birmingham is B and the leader is Andrew Mitchell .
English is spoken in the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC . The country is the location of Abilene , part of Jones County in Texas .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro . Agnes Kant is a national of the country and a member of the Socialist Party led by Emile Roemer .
Elliot See worked for NASA beginning in 1962 , .
Airey Neave fought in World War Two with the Royal Artillery which had a garrison in Hohne . One of the commanders of World War Two was Chiang Kai - shek .
Akeem Adams , who died in the Hungarian city of Budapest , played for Ferencvarosi TC and United Petrotrin F . C . , the latter of which have their home ground at the Palo Seco Velodrome .
Al Asad Airbase is found in Iraq .
Alan B . Miller Hall was completed on " 1 June 2009 " , and it ' s address is 101 Ukrop Way .
The Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra and Alfa Romeo 164 are a related forms of transportation . The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy where the capital is Rome .
Blockbuster is a comic character with the alternative name of Mark Desmond and was created by Carmine Infantino and Roger Stern .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 and was discovered by Spacewatch .
Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of flowering plants . It is an ingredient in Binignit along with banana .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was selected by NASA in 1959 . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
The comic character , Dane Whitman Black Knight was created by Roy Thomas .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , born in Preußisch Oldendorf .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , in London , the leader of which is , Boris Johnson . While the London government is known as the Parliament of the U . K . , London is governed by the Greater London Authority .
Alan Bean , a 1955 graduate from UT Austin ( B . S . ) was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission ( for which Alfred Worden was the backup pilot ) . Bean is now retired .
7 / 25 is the runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport .
A . F . C . Fylde played in 2014 .
Chinese is spoken in Hong Kong .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC , , the grounds of which are at Al Khor and which is managed by Amar Osim .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas , on March 15 , 1932 . In 1955 he received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin . Alan Bean served as a test pilot , later he became a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission , operated by NASA . The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott .
The 23 floor AC Hotel Bella Sky , Copenhagen , is currently occupied by Marriott International . The hotel was designed by architect firm 3XN .
Airey Neave fought in World War II and ended his career on 30 March 1979 .
The manufacturer of the Atlas II is Lockheed Martin which is located in Bethesda , Maryland .
Halimah Yacob is a leader in Chinese speaking Singapore where they make Beef kway teow .
The engine volume of the Aston Martin manufactured Aston Martin V8 is 5 . 3 litres . It is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
Alpena County Regional airport serves the city of Alpena in Michigan and is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County . It is located at 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
The municipality of Gettysburg is in Adams County of Pennsylvania which is located to the south of Cumberland County and north east of Adams County . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument .
Albert B White , was born on 22nd September , 1856 and died in 1941 .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located . The School , which was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
Asociacion Deportiva ( abbreviated to A . D . Isidro Metapan ) has 10000 members and has its ground in Metapan El Salvador .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , a country whose leader has the title of President and whose capital is Washington , D . C . One of the leaders of the U . S . is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is the African Americans .
Fountain County is in Indiana , in the United States .
Ernie Colon , a Puerto Rican national created Bolt along with Dan Mishkin .
The Ariane 5 rocket made its maiden flight on June 4th 1996 .
The Arabian Sea is to the west and Telangana is northeast of the state of Karnataka where the Acharya Institute of Technology is located . The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum .
AWH Engineering College is located in India .
The convertible Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine volume and was assembled in Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom . It is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in the city of Belgaum . It was established in 2000 and has B M Reddy as President and Dr G P Prabhukumar is the Director .
The location Identifier of Abilene Regional Airport , located 546 metres above sea level , is ABI .
A . C . Cesena is in the Serie B league ( with Carpi FC 1909 as champions ) and has a ground in Cesena .
Aleksander Barkov Jr . was born in Tampere , Finland on the 2nd September 1995 . He is 1 . 905 tall and has played for the Florida Panthers .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F . C . club which plays at the United Petrotrin FC grounds . Mr . Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll .
The state of Kerala in India is northwest of Mahe , India and is led by Kochi . It is the location of the AWH Engineering College in the city of Kuttikkattoor which has 250 academic staff .
The runway at Angola International Airport is named South Runway .
Albennie Jones , a jazz artist , is a solo singer .
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy , which is where Amatriciana sauce comes from .
The Delta II in the U . S . was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base . A comparable rocket is the Antares rocket which has its launch site at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas , in the United States .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , Akron , Ohio , United States . The team play in the Premier Development League , which has previously been won by K - W United FC .
Arem - arem is a Javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Abilene , Texas is part of Taylor County , Texas .
Casey Ribicoff was born in Chicago .
The ISBN number of Aenir is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
One of the languages spoken in California is Vietnamese .
The traditional Spanish dish Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , where the leader is Ximo Puig . The Spanish language is spoken in Spain , where the leader is Felipe VI .
The dark asteroid 1000 Piazzia has a periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 and an epoch date of 27 June 2015 .
Albany , is part of Dougherty County , Georgia , in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The inhabitants of the country are Americans , and the leader is called the President of the United States .
Andrew Rayel , a musician in Trance is associated with the musical artist , Bobina and the musician , Jwaydan Movine .
Akeem Priestley ' s clubs are Harbour View F . C . and RoPS .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae , which is of the order Poales .
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook , Illinois and does the voice for Baymax .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He joined NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
They speak Spanish in Argentina .
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin , which is part of Grand Chute . Appleton ( Kimberly ) is a Wisconsin city that houses the Appleton International Airport .
Atlanta is in the U . S .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español and has also played for Peñarol and U . S . Città di Palermo . Peñarol are managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman broadcast by STV .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 Launchpad at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana . The ELA - 3 is operated by Arianespace , located in Courcouronnes , .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York City . He worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and was succeeded by Anthony J . Celebrezze .
The minor planet called 1101 Clematis has an average speed of 16 . 54 kilometres per second .
FC Kuban Krasnodar player , Aleksandr Prudnikov , plays for FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which is based , at Grozny .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President .
Romania is governed by Klaus Iohannis and it ' s capital city is Bucharest . It is known for being home to the ethnic group the Germans of Romania and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which is located in Alba Iulia in the Alba county .
Belgium is led by Charles Michel and Philippe of Belgium . Antwerp is a popular tourist destination in the country and is served by Antwerp International Airport .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and they were in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 .
1000 Piazzia - former name " 1923 NZ1951 OB " - has an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometres per second and its epoch date was on 2015 - 06 - 27 . It has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and its periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras . Athens is the capital of Greece and the language they speak is Greek .
Bionico is a food from Mexico where one of the languages used is Mexican Spanish .
Lars Løkke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in the United States . It is located in Michigan which has the capital city of Lansing and uses the english language .
Anders Osborne , a rhythm and blues musician , recorded for Alligator Records in Chicago . He also recorded with Okeh records .
Anderson is located in Madison County , Indiana , whose total area is 107 . 43 square kilometers and its part of Adams Township that is also located in The United States . The population density of this city is 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The powertype of the Aleksey Chirikow icebreaker is Wärtsilä .
The character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and earned a degree from the University of Gottingen . Allan Sandage and Halton Arp were among his doctoral students .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell plays the bodhran . Jazz gave birth to Funk .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic .
Americans live in the U . S . where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Angola is part of the state of Indiana in the U . S .
101 Helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kgs and an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 days . It has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and an epoch of December 31st 2006 .
Frank de Boer who once played football for FC Barcelona now manages the AFC Ajax .
A . S . Roma ' s chairman is James Pallotta .
Aleksandre Guruli is in the FC Zestafoni club and he played for FC Karpaty Lviv .
The name of the leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . In mexico , mexicans eat Bionico .
The celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 , with the epoch date 14 July 2004 , was discovered by Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research . It has an orbital period of 16244700 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Athens , the mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis .
Chicago is located in the U . S .
John Madin the architect who designed 130 Colmore Row , was born in Birmingham which has the postcode ' B ' and is where Labour politician John Clancy is leader .
English is spoken in Great Britain but A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and was written in it . The capital of the United States is Washington D . C .
The United States and Great Britain both use the language of English . It is in the United States that A Fortress of Grey Ice originates . The country is home to the ethnic group of Native Americans and has Washington DC as its capital .
The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir , Turkey , where the capital is Ankara .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , available in hardcover , has an ISBN number of 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 and was written by Eric Flint .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3310 . 0 .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is the 31st of December 2006 . The orbital period for 1099 Figneria , is 179942000 . 0 and it has a periapsis of 349206000000 . 0 .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician whose record label is the London - located Deram Records . Floating World Records signed Alison O ' Donnell .
Born in Stockholm , Ace Wilder , has a background as a solo singer .
The Acharya Institute of Technology employs about 500 academic staff .
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled at Newport Pagnell and features a 5 . 3 litre enging . A similar type of transportation , the Astion Martin Virage , is made by the company Aston Martin , and has succeeded the Aston Martin V8 .
Alberto Teisaire , a member of the Justicialist Party , worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was in office at the same time that Juan Perón was president .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled in Italy , is related to the Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema .
The capital of England is London where we can find the Dead Man ' s Plack which is made of stone . The Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia . Cornish language is spoken in England and it has an established religion called the Church of England . One of the ethnic groups found in that country is the British Arabs .
The Uruguayan Primera División is the league that Peñarol play in . That is the club Abel Hernandez played in his youth . He now plays for the club , U . S . Città di Palermo which is managed by , Giuseppe Iachini .
Al Anderson , a singer in band , NRBQ , was a member of The Wildweeds . His genre is rock music which originated from country music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
A . C . Chievo Verona were in Serie A in 2014 - 15 .
Alfons Gorbach ' s place of birth was Tyrol state , Austria - Hungary .
Alfons Gorbach , born in lmst in Austria , died in Styria in Graz .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States and is led by Richard J . Berry and the Albuquerque City Council . English is their native language .
Solo blues singer Albennie Jones was born 1914 in Errata , Mississippi , United States .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . He was hired by NASA in 1963 as a test pilot . Alan was a crew member aboard Apollo 12 spending in space 100305 minutes .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures .
The Americans live in the United States which is where the ALV X - 1 originates .
Andrews County Airport is located in English speaking Texas , in the United States .
The AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere which is in Genoa .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has a student population of 600 . The country is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Baymax was created by Steven T . Seagle and Duncan Rouleau who is an American .
Adam Holloway , who won 9312 votes , was the Member of Parliament for Gravesham .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument which was erected in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property is found in the Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . To the north of Adams County lies Cumberland County also of Pennsylvania and to the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County , Maryland .
The AMC Matador has a AMC V8 engine .
The builder of the A - Rosa is Neptun Werft who are located in Rostock . Joachim Gauck is a leader in Germany which is where Rostock is located .
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , and hogao sauce , .
The city of Amarillo is located in Texas in the United States .
Juan Peron belongs to the Labour Party of Argentina and when he became President , Alberto Teisaire , who was born in Mendoza , was in office .
Alan Bean was an American , born in Wheeler Texas . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 and because a test pilot . He was a crew member aboard Apollo 12 , operated by NASA .
Amatriciana sauce hails from Italian speaking Italy ; where the capital is Rome and is led by Matteo Renzi .
Alan Frew is a solo singer who performs rock music . Rock music originated from country and folk music and is an element of the fusion genre Bhangra .
Allen Forrest ' s genre of music is Rhythm and Blues .
Abner W . Sibal , a member of the Republican party of the United States , worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District .
The book titled 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is a hardcover .
Alan Bean was born Alan LaVern Bean .
Test pilot Elliot See who was born in Dallas , died in St . Louis .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 20 January 1930 . He graduated from MIT ScD in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka in it ' s Eastern Province . The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader in the Eastern Province is Austin Fernando .
The book " A Severed Wasp " is available in print and has 388 pages .
The AIDS ( journal ) is published by the United States company Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310 .
A Loyal Character Dancer , written in English , was published by Soho Press in the United States , where Native Americans are among the ethnic groups . The English language is also spoken in Great Britain .
100305 . 0 minutes is the time Alan Bean spent in Space .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas , United States .
New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport ' s 3rd runway is made of poaceae ( Commelinids order ) .
Acura is a division of Honda which makes the Honda Accord related to the Acura TLX .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo which is of Luanda Province , in Angola . Angola International Airport is 159 metres above the sea level and has a runway length of 3 , 800 .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad at the Guiana Space Centre . The Guiana Space Centre has its headquarters at Kourou in French Guiana .
William Anders was a fighter pilot born on Oct 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M . S . and joined NASA in 1963 . He was also part of Apollo 8 . Anders retired on Sept 1 , 1969 .
Alex Day plays Synthpop , is a member of the band Chameleon Circuit and knows musical artist Charlie McDonnell . Day was born in Hornchurch and started performing in 2006 .
AIDA Cruises owns the 252 metre long AIDAluna which was built by Meyer Werft .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes . It was written by Eric Flint from Burbank California and influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
200 Public Square is located in the United States in Cleveland , Ohio .
The impact factor of AIP Advances is 1 . 524 .
The first runway at Abilene Regional Airport is made from asphalt .
Buenos Aires is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature .
Abel Caballero was the Minister of Transport .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany , attended Radboud University in Nijmegen and later worked as a Parliamentary group leader .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago which is part of Illinois .
Andrews County Airport is located in E11 .
Aaron Turner performed with the band Sumac .
Albert B . White , born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg West Virginia , was married to Agnes Ward White . He started his career 03 / 04 / 1901 and retired 03 / 04 / 1905 .
Harcourt is the publisher of A Wizard of Mars .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso are leaders .
107 Camilla was discovered by N . R . Pogson of Nottingham . 2368 . 05 days is the orbital period of 107 Camilla .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen was designed by architect 3XN and has 23 floors .
Alvah Sabin , represented Vermon , and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and later died in the United States .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Angola is part of the state of Indiana .
Aston Martin Virage and Aston Martin DBS are related types of transportation . The Aston Martin DBS is manufactured by Aston Martin and the Aston Martin Virage succeeded the Aston Martin V8 . The engine volume of Aston Martin V8 is 5 . 3 litres .
Ashgabat International Airports has a runway length of 3800 . It is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines who are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England , where one of the ethnic groups is the British Arabs .
Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin ; it is served by Appleton International Airport .
Akeem Ayers started with the Tennessee Titans that are based in Nashville , TN . He also played for the St . Louis Rams out of St . Louis and coached by Jeff Fisher .
The character Arion was created by Jan Duursema and Paul Kupperberg .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , which is led by Joe Biden .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 ; its directore is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The musician , Andrew White ' s record label is Fiction .
Alan Frews ' musical genre is rock music which has its stylistic origins in the Blues and folk music .
Agnes Kant , a Netherlands National , worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands . She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands , the leader of which is , Mark Rutte .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War , the war Albert Jennings Fountain fought in .
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves Amsterdam has a runway length of 3453 . 0 and is - 3 . 3528 from sea level .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to the RCA Records label , the distributing company of which , is Legacy Recordings .
The Acharya Institute of Technology based in the state of Karnataka has the director Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar . The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located in the city of Belgaum .
Andrew Rayel is a pianist associated with Christian Burns who performs house music . Rayel is also associated with musician Jwaydan Moyine , who in turn is associated with John Digweed .
Alan Shepherd born in New Hampshire , United States , graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M . A . He served as a crew member on Apollo 12 and retired in 1974 .
Administrative Science Quarterly , abbreviated Admin . Sci . Q , LLCN number is 57059226 .
Diego Santilli is the leader of Buenos Aires where Alberto Teisaire died . Teisaire was in office during the presidency of Juan Peron who was a member of the Labour Party of Argentina and married to Eva Peron .
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina and a member of the Portugal National Football Team .
410777 2009 FD , discovered by Spacewatch , has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 , a mass of 8 . 3 kgs , an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 , and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 km .
10 Hygiea has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
Addis Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and its current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa .
Scott Adsit provides the voice for the character Baymax who was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Adam Kocis from Poland , where they speak Polish .
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is a guitarist . New Wave is the origin of Indie rock .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by the Montreal Locomotive Works , has a V12 engine , a diesel - electric transmission , and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
Abel Caballero was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch and Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minis . Juan Carlos I of Spain preceded Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst in the County of Tyrol and died in Graz , Styria .
Former Leeds United F . C footballer , Alan Martin , plays for the Clyde FC club . Barry Ferguson is the manager of Clyde F . C . , the ground of which , is called Broadwood Stadium .
Asam pedas is a food originates from Malaysia . It can also be found in Sumatra where Batak and Minangkabau people are among the ethnic groups .
Dublin is the largest city in Ireland .
United Launch Alliance made the Delta II .
The architecture style of adisham hall of Haputale , is Tudor and jacabian .
Sweet potato and Taro are two of the main ingredients in Binignit , a dish that can be found in the Philippines .
Frank de Boer played for the Netherlands national football team .
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan , Alabama .
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is Taro .
Addiction journal which is about addiction , is published by Wiley - Blackwell whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons .
101 Helena has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 , a mass of 3 . 0 kg , an orbit of 1516 . 6700000000003 days , a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 km , and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km .
Al Asad Airbase , operated by the USAF , is found in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka .
Buzz Aldrin spent 52 . 0 minutes in Space .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Eric Flint born in Burbank California , was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes .
The final flight of the Ariane 5 was on 2004 - 12 - 18 .
Alvah Sabin worked in Vermont where he was secretary of the state and represented the 3rd Congressional District . The largest city in the state of Vermont is Burlington .
AZAL PFK were in the Azerbaijan Premier League in 2014 - 15 and have 3500 members .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for AC Milan where the manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic , and he is also connected to UC Sampdoria who play in the Serie A league .
Buzz Aldrin is a United States National born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He obtained a Sc . D in 1963 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . He was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula , Malaysia .
Alison O ' Donnell genre is Psychedelic folk .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington . He died in Sycamore , which is part of DeKalb County in Illinois .
In New York ( United States ) , both Lake Placid and the city of Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) are served by the Adirondack Regional Airport .
William Anders was born on October 17th , 1933 . In 1963 , he was chosen by NASA to serve as a member of the Apollo 8 crew , with Frank Borman and backup pilot , Buzz Aldrin .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a luxury vehicle with a Sedan body style . It has a Straight four engine and its alternative name the Alfa Romeo 168 .
Aaron Deer plays indie rock guitar music .
The Atlas II , from the U . S . , was made by Lockheed Martin and launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who was born in the U . S . is married to Casey Ribicoff .
Alabama is in the United States .
United Kingdom ( led by Elizabeth II ) born Alfred Garth Jones died in , Boris Johnson led , London .
The dish bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is T . S . Thakur .
A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Adenan Satem succeeded , Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , and resides in , Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Walter Baade ( discoverer of 1036 Ganymed ) , studied at the university of Gottingen . Two of his doctoral students were Allan Sandage and Halton Arp . Walter Baade died in Gottingen .
The Aston Martin V8 has a 5 . 3 litre engine .
Beef Kway Teow is made in Singapore and Indonesia .
A . C . Lumezzane has 4150 members and has played in the Lega Pro during the 2014 season .
Romania ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis , its capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Desteapta - te , Romane . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Romania .
Seattle is the largest city in Washington State and Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . Auburn is part of Pierce County , Washington which in in the United States .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Amkar Perm football club and played for the Terek Grozny FC who has its grounds at Grozny . The Grozny club is managed by Rashid Rakhimov .
Baked Alaska , that contains Christmas pudding , is from the country of France . Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong .
Alessio Romagnoli plays in Serie A for AC Milan .
John Reith , 1st Baron Reith founded the BBC who have their HQ at Broadcasting House . The BBC broadcast Bananaman and also produce BBC radio .
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin , which Elliot See ( born Dallas ) attended is Hook ' em .
Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) is published by Wiley - Blackwell who have the parent company John Wiley & Sons .
107 Camilla was discovered by Nottingham born N . R . Pogson , who died in Chennai .
Alan Frew is a solo singer and member of the Glass Tiger Band . He is from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada , and started performing in 1983 .
Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who publish the AIDS ( journal ) . The journal is published in the UK where David Cameron is the leader .
Alex Tyus was born in St . Louis .
Elliot See who was born in Dallas and died in St . Louis , attended the University of Texas in Austin and in 1962 was picked by NASA to join the space program .
Akeem Ayers , who used to play for the St . Louis Rams , was drafted in round 2 .
Born in the United States , Aaron Deer originates from Indianapolis and performs Psychedelia music .
A S Gubbio ' s home ground is in Italy which is led by Pietro Grasso . The language spoken is Italian and the people are known as Italians .
Aaron Hunt ' s clubs are VfL Wolfsburg and Goslarer SC 08 , and he also belongs to the youth club SV Werder Bremen .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana in the United States . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana state .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party . His alma mater is Leiden University .
Alan Shepard who was selected by NASA in 1959 is sadly now deceased . He was born in New Hampshire on 18th November 1923 .
Gruppo Bertone , founded in Turin , Italy , designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The airport is operated by ENAIRE . ENAIRE is located in the city of Madrid , which is part of the community of Madrid in Spain .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
Stockholm born Ace Wilder is a solo singer signed with EMI Records .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Hamilton Academical FC . , the ground of which , is located in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire . Alan Martin is also a footballer for the Clyde FC club which is managed by , Barry Ferguson .
Aaron Hunt , who played for the SV Werder Bremen youth team , is now in the German national youth team and plays for Hamburger SV .
Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle in Chicago .
Aaron Deer was born in the Indianapolis , United States .
Justicialist Party member Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President and Hortensio Quijano was Governor .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , a Monocotyledon classed member of the order of Poales .
Michele Marcolini owns Torino F . C .
A full - size car , the Alvis Speed 25 , with its 31 . 48 tax hp engine , has an impressive transmission coined as " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the country that jazz musician Albennie Jones was born in . Jazz music originates from blues and is an element of the fusion genre Afrobeat .
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Press . This book was followed by The Secret Scripture and was written in English , the language used in Great Britain .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 , Scott Adsit starred in the movie version of Big Hero 6 .
Sweet potatoes , which are part of the order of Solanales , are one of the main ingredients of Binignit . A further ingredient is coconut milk .
The Saab 9000 and the Lancia Thema are related means of transportation .
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies youth team .
Alan Shepard has a US nationality and was born in the New Hampshire .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , tenanted by Ajax Youth Academy and operated by AFC Ajax .
Abilene is in US state of Texas , where the largest city is Houston and where Spanish is spoken . The capital of the US is Washington DC .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the inhabitants have the demonym Texan .
Boris Johnson led London is the capital of the United Kingdom ( led by Elizabeth II ) is home to the British people and 20 Fenchurch Street .
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham Kent , England and began his career on 5th May 2005 . He served in the Grenadier Guards and worked as a Member of parliament . The alma mater of Adam Holloway was Magdalene College Cambridge .
Guitarist Aaron Deer is an indie rock musician . Indie rock is a derivative of New wave music and has its stylistic origins in garage rock .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and his residence is Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . He was succeeded by Abdul Taib Mahmud .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets , whose general manager is Jarmo Kekalainen .
Adam McQuaid ' s height is 1 . 9558 .
Antonis Samaras , who has the deputy Evangelos Venizelos , was in office during the time both Konstantinos Mitsotakis and Antonis Samaras were Prime Minister .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , is located within the United States , whose capital is Washington D . C . The largest city of the country is New York City .
Alpena County Regional Airport is elevated 210 metres above sea level and is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
Alison O ' Donnell plays folk rock and once was signed to Deram Records and she recorded with Static Caravan Recordings .
Alfons Gorbach was in office while Mikulov born Adolf Scharf was President .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the capital city is Athens .
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands , the country of nationality of Ab Klink , who , attended Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
Alfred Moore Scales came from the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . Alfred Moore Scales took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville , part of the American Civil War conflict , during which , Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
E11 is the location identifier of Andrews County Airport , which is located 973 metres above sea level .
A Glastonbury Romance is written by John Cowper Powys who wa born in Shirley , Derbyshire . The book is followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
The Birmingham City Council is the governing body of Birmingham .
Located in New York City , Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 and has the reference number 80002709 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Adam Koc , who fought in World War II , was awarded the Cross of Independence and the Order of Polonia Restituta .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and its length is 17068 . 8 millimetres . It has a V12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
Narendra Modi is a leader in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad .
107 Camilla was discovered by M . Gaffey and its epoch date was on 31 December 2006 . Its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 and its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Alfredo Zitarrosa death place was in Montevideo , Uruguay . The leader of Montevideo is the politician Daniel Martínez .
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy .
' 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis ' , which was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , is available in print form .
The language of the United Kingdom is the English language .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont and as the secretary of the State of Vermont . He represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and was preceded by Alvah Sabin .
A . D . Isidro Metapan , full name Asociacion Deportiva , plays at its ground at Metapan . Their manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez and they have 10000 members .
Sweet potatoes are flowering plants of the order Solanales . They are an found in binignit which also includes taro among its ingredients .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where Auburn is part of Lee County which is in the state of Alabama .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and made of red granite and white marble .
Arem - arem , is predominant in Indonesia ' s Java . Indonesia is led by Joko Widodo , hails the currency rupiah and the Indonesian language is spoken .
The Aston Martin Virage is related to the Aston Martin DBS .
French is the national language of France .
Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the Republican Party in the United States .
Black metal musician , Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 . He played for Old Man Gloom and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band .
Akeem Dent debuted with the Atlanta Falcons which are owned by , Arthur Blank . Akeem Dent used to play for Texas based , Houston Texans .
Adam Koc , whose birth place is Suwalki was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was the commender .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania , USA . To the west of Adams County you will find Franklin County and to the north lies Cumberland County , both of Pennsylvania . To the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County , Maryland .
A Glastonbury Romance , which was written by John Cowper Powys , is published by Simon & Schuster .
The language in Indiana is American English .
William Anders , a crew member of Apollo 8 , retired 1969 / 09 / 01 .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office which is located in the Ukraine .
Aaron Bertram , a non vocal instrumentalist , is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation . Aaron Bertram , whose musical genre is Ska punk , plays for the Suburban Legends band .
Akeem Adams died in the Hungarian city of Budapest . His former clubs include Ferencvarosi TC and United Petrotrin F . C , the latter of which play their home games in Palo Seco .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London whose leader is the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
The epoch date for 66391 1999 KW4 is 2004 - 07 . 14 . It has a peripsis of 29919600000 . 0 and an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the abbreviated form Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . It also has the LCCN number 32024459 and the CODEN code AMHAAJ .
The Ariane 5 made by Arianespace and was launched at the ELA - 3 on Aug . 11 , 2005 . Its last flight was on Dec . 18 , 2009 .
Drone music is a genre of Aaron Turner .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of the governing body , the Eastern Provincial Council .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , US . Its leader is called Rahm Emanuel . Chicago is part of the State of Illinois and the language is the English .
Born September 22nd , 1856 , Albert B . White , died on the July 3rd , 1941 .
Auburn , Lee county , Alabama , USA where native Americans are an ethnic group has the county seat of Opelika .
Alan Shepard died in California om July 21 , 1998 .
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria and he died in Styria in Graz .
Aaron Bertram was born on April 3 , 1981 . He started performing in 1998 and plays for the bands Suburban Legends and Kids Imagine Nation . His musical genre is Ska punk .
Bacon Sandwich includes brown sauce . The bacon sandwich also goes by the following : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
The capital of Belgium is Brussels .
103 Hera , with the epoch date 31st July 2016 , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 kmps , an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 kilometres .
The U . S . Delta II launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base . A similar rocket is called the Antares which was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Anders Osborne is associated with the Galactic band and he is an exponent of rock music . He is associated with Tab Benoit and Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( abbrv . Am . J . Math ) was published by Johns Hopkins University ( located : US ) . It is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press .
Ayam penyet contains fried chicken . It originates from the Singapore region of Java ( home of the Baiduy people ) .
Many condiments can be used to enhance the flavour of a bacon sandwich which is also referred to as a Bacon Butty , Bacon Sarnie , Rasher Sandwich , Bacon Sanger , Piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
Elliot See ' s alma mater is the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System .
101 Helena has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km / s and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
Tomato belongs to the genus Solanum and the family of solanaceae . It ' s an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
English is the language used in the United States which is where Albuquerque is located . It forms part of Bernalillo County in New Mexico and is led by the Albuquerque City Council .
Asser Levy Public Baths , which were constructed in 1904 , is located in Avenue A , Manhattan .
Buzz Aldrin began work for NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 11 with William Anders as his back up pilot .
Tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae .
The A - Rosa Luna is a cruise ship .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the USA and the state of Georgia is in the US . Alpharetta is part of Georgia and Fulton County is located here . Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States where the language spoken is English .
A Glastonbury Romance is published by Simon & Schuster .
The Acura TLX has a 3 . 5 litre engine and is made by Honda .
A Glastonbury Romance , 1174 pages , is available in hardcover .
Atlanta covers 344 . 9 square kilometres with a total area of 347 . 1 sq kilometres .
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and the 3rd runway is 1960 feet in length .
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket , which originates from the United States . Both the Antares and the Minotaur V were launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas in the United States and later died in St . Louis .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for C . D . FAS .
Canada is led by Elizabeth II and the anthem is " O Canada " , with the ethnic , Black Canadians . It is also the home of Adam McQuaid .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has several types of aircraft , including Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III ( transport aircraft ) and the Lockheed AC - 130 ( attack aircraft ) . The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war and in Operation Enduring Freedom .
John van den Brom , manager of AZ Alkmaar , plays for De Graafschap .
Al Asad airbase is located at Al Anbar Province in Iraq and operated by the United States Air Force . The base ' s runway called 08 / 26 and 3990 meters long .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe , has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres and a two door coupe body style .
Asilomar Conference Grounds are located in Pacific Grove , California .
Allama Iqbal International airport , located in Pakistan , is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The airport serves the city of Lahore . The runway - 18R / 36L - measures a length of 3310 . 0 .
Al - Wakrah Sport Club position is in the Qatar Stars League .
A Severed Wasp comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States .
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician who is signed to the London - located Polydor Records . Alternative rock music originates from punk rock and is an element of the fusion genre Nu metal .
11264 Claudiomaccone has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Roy D . Chapin Jr . is a key person at American Motors .
A Wizard of Mars has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Doug Moench won the Inkpot Award .
Atlas II originates from the United States , where english is spoken and the capital is Washington D . C . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . where all people are Americans .
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is associated with Greymachine and Old Man Gloom .
James Craig Watson was a Canadian and died of peritonitis . His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and he discovered 103 Hera .
James Craig Watson ' s Alma mater is the University of Michigan and he discovered the 103 Hera .
Polydor records are located in London . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock that the musician Andrew White plays . Andrew White is signed to Polydor Records .
Al - Wakrah sport club plays in the Qatar Stars League .
200 Public Square , which has 45 floors , is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 .
Lohore is a city in Pakistan . it is served by Allama Iqbal international airport , located in Punjab Pakistan and the leader of Punjab is Shehbaz Sharif .
Albert B . White , was born on 22nd September , 1856 , and died at Parkersburg , West Virginia , in 1941 .
The area code of Alexandria , Indiana is 765 .
Adam Koc , who died in New York City , fought in the Polish - Soviet War - one of the commanders there was Leon Trotsky . The Polish - Soviet War was part of the Russian Civil War .
African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States which is where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital is Washington , D . C . Akron is located within Summit County , Ohio in the U . S .
The 1955 Dodge ( manufactured by Dodge ) and the DeSoto Custom ( related to the Dodge Coronet ) are related means of transportation .
Auburn is part of King County in Washington , in the U . S .
Politician Carrie Lam is the leader of Hong Kong .
Agnes Ward White , born in Marietta , Ohio was married to Albert B . White who was succeeded by William MO Dawson .
In Japan there is an ethnic group of Chinese people .
15788 1993 SB , which was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory , has an epoch date of March 6 2006 . The measurement of the periapsis is 3997100000000 . 0 and the apoapsis is 7715100000 kilometres .
Agra Airport , located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh has an elevation of 167 . 94 meters about sea level .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA - 3 , had its maiden flight on June 4 , 1996 and its final flight was on the 18th December 2009 . It was manufactured by The European Space Agency .
Delaware Avenue , which has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square meters , began construction in January of 2014 .
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Athens born Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister .
The sequel to The Grantville Gazettes , 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War ( written by David Weber ) .
Elliot See , who is now dead , was born in Dallas .
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and is located in the United States .
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders in Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and Bakso ( made in China ) is found .
Administrative Science Quarterly is abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q . and has the LCCN number 57059226 . It comes under the academic discipline of Management .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA - 3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre and operated by Arianespace who are based in France .
Buzz Aldrin was born on 1930 - 01 - 20 , was a crew member of Apollo 11 and his main occupation was as a Fighter pilot .
While signed to the record label Okeh Records , Anders Osborne is also with Chicago based alligator records which specializes in blues music .
Luciano Spalletti played for Empoli F . C . and Virtus Entella . He has also been manager of AS Roma .
Michele Marcolini manages the A . C . Lumezzane and plays for Torino F . C . He is also in the Vicenza Calcio club .
Alan Bean ( whose Alma Mater is UT Austin , B . S . 1955 ) was born in Wheeler , Texas . He served as a test pilot before joining NASA in 1963 and ultimately becoming part of the crew for the Apollo 12 mission .
In 1963 the Chief of the Astronaut office was Alan Shepard .
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland by Arctech Helsinki shipyard . The country is led by Juha Sipila and Sauli Niinisto .
Alessio Romagnoli has represented U . C . Sampdoria in the Italy national under 16 ' s football league .
Qiu Xiaolong penned A Loyal Character Dancer which is in print and has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
Alan Shepard was an American born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . Shepard was a member of Apollo 14 and retired on Aug 1 , 1974 . He later died in California .
Sweet potatoes are the main ingredient of binignit which should be served as a dessert course . Cookies are also a type of dessert .
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre which is a form of pop music derived from house music and which has its stylistic origin in new wave music . His background is that of solo singer .
Abel Caballero belonged to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party . Mr . Caballero was born in Spain .
A . C . Chievo Verona play in Verona and has 39371 members .
Al Asad airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORAA . The airport runway name is 09L / 27R and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
The Acharya Institute of Technolgoy is located in the state of Karnataka which is positioned with Telangana to the northeast . The Institute is in the city of Bangalore and has strong connections with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Along with these connections the Institute was also given the ' Technical Campus ' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is based in Mumbai .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Washington DC is the capital and New York is the largest city . The US is where you will find Atlantic City , which is part of Atlantic County in New Jersey .
the city of Chicago is part of the state of Illinois .
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , Bolt .
The leader in Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial . The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 597 . 0 . It has the runway name 03R / 21L and the 3rd runway is made of Poaceae .
A . C . Lumezzane ' s ground is in Italy .
Pietro Grasso leads Italy .
Alan Bean was a crew member aboard Apollo 12 .
Spacewatch is the discoverer of the 410777 2009 FD , which has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an epoch date of the 27th June 2015 .
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is performed by the band Twilight . Aaron Turner plays with the band and is also a singer and performs for Mamifffer .
Canada uses the Inuktitut language and is the birthplace of Adam McQuaid .
Colombian dish Bandeja paisa has Hogao as an ingredient .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He spent a total of 100305 minutes in space as a crew member on the Apollo 12 mission after being selected by NASA in 1963 .
The character , April O ' Neal , was created by Peter Laird .
Alan Martin , who was born on 1 January 1989 , played football for Accrington Stanley FC and currently for Crewe Alexander FC .
Alex Day , whose genre is Acoustic music , plays with the band Chameleon Circuit and is associated with the musical artist , Charlie McDonnell .
Auron was created by both Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson .
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven , which is managed by Phillip Cocu . He has also played for the Netherlands under 17 team and is connected to the AZ Alkmaar Club .
Admisham Hall is located at Haputale , Sri Lanka .
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bone , written after Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson of Lincoln , Nebraska .
Acehnese people form one of the ethnic groups in Sumatra .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County is located east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County . Carroll County and Frederick County in Maryland lie to the southeast and southwest respectively .
Abel Caballero worked at the Ministry of Public Work and Transport in Spain .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay where the leader is Tabaré Vázquez .
Julia Morgan was born in California .
The outlook ranking of the Acharya Institute of Technology is 63 , and the official school colours are blue , white and orange .
James Craig Watson is a Canadian national who studied at the University of Michigan . He was the discoverer of 101 Helena , which has an epoch date of December 31 , 2006 . Watson died in Madison Wisconsin .
The CODEN code for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is AMHAAJ .
Addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to Addiction .
Akeem Dent , whose club is the Houston Texans , was born in Atlanta , Georgia on 27 September 1987 .
The epoch date for 66391 1999 KW4 is 2004 - 07 . 14 and it has an escape velocity of 0 . It has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
Alex Day was born in the UK , where the capital city is London .
Alan Frew is a solo rock music singer . Rock gets its origins from folk music and blues music gets its styles from rock music . Bhangra is a fusion genre rock music .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC . The country ' s leader is known as the President , the national anthem is the Star Spangled Banner and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the White Americans .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and he died in Graz . In Austria the language is Austrian German and the leader is Doris Bures .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moyine , who in turn , is associated with the musical artist John Digweed .
Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan , which is the location of Asser Levy Public Baths .
Al - Amin Daggash was succeeded by Abdulsalami Abubakar , who served in the Nigerian Air Force and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11th July 1907 , and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , where it is owned by the National Park Service .
31st of December , 2006 , is the epoch date for 101 Helena , This asteroid , was discovered by , James Craig Watson , who later died in Madison , Wisconsin .
The main ingredients in Arrabbiata sauce from Rome , Italy , are tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
Singer Aaron Turner was a member of black metal band Twilight . He is now with Mamiffer . Death metal is a black metal fusion .
Athens International airport serves the city of Athens in Greece , where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis .
Antioch , is part of Contra Costa County in California , where Spanish is spoken .
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and its runway is 4000 long .
Ajoblanco also known as Ajo blanco originates from the country of Spain , one of it ' s ingredients is Almond .
Auburn forms part of Pierce County , Washington .
1089 Tama has an average speed of 19 . 94 km per sec . and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . The orbital period for this body is 1202 . 846 days .
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka , where Austin Fernando is the leader , and they use the Sri Lankan rupee .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District , Sri Lanka . The capital of the country is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
AFC Ajax were in the Eredivisie for the season 2014 - 2015 .
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who was a Canadian national who died of peritonitis .
Andrews County Airport is in Texas , U . S . Austin is the capital of Texas .
With grounds at the Stadio Dino Manuzzi , A . C . Cesana play in Serie B . Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions of that league .
A . S . Roma ' s ground is in Rome , Italy , the team has 70634 members .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT , it includes lettuce .
Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas . He attended the University of Texas and began working for NASA in 1962 . He has died in St Louis .
The AMC Matador was made in Mexico City in 1971 . The AMC Matador and the AMC Ambassador are means of transportation .
Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Antares rocket .
Barny cakes can be found in France , where two of the leaders are , Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls .
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and contains condiments . It is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
The Aston Martin V8 and the Aston Martin DBS , manufactured by Aston Martin , are related means of transport .
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson , a Canadian , whose Alma mater is the University of Michigan . He died in Madison , Wisconsin . 101 Helena has an absolute magnitude of 8 . 33 .
Meringue is an ingredient of a Baked Alaska .
Alan Shepard was hired by NASA in 1959 .
Aaron Hunt played for SV Werder Bremen which is managed by Viktor Skrypnyk .
The Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency , and had a diameter of 5 . 4 metres . It was launched at the ELA - 3 and had its maiden flight on August 11th 2005 and its final flight was on the 18th December 2009 .
Aaron Deer is American from Indianapolis .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch . It has a mass of 8 . 3kgs , an orbital period of 8 . 3kgs and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
Dead Man ' s Plack ( made of rock ) is found in England , the capital of which is London . The British Arabs are an English ethnic group and the main religion of the country is the Church of England .
Anaheim covers an area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and is located in Orange County , California , United States . The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim .
American Ahmet Ertegun plays Rhythm and Blues which helped give rise to Disco .
Born in Montevideo , Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to the RCA Records label . His background includes solo singing and his music genre is Milonga .
Alison O ’ Donnell was in the band Mellow Candle .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Tom Tomsk . He is also part of the club , FC Terek Grozny . Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny , the ground of which , is based at Grozny .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was created in 1996 , has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta . Switzerland is led by Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are similar means of transport . The Alfa Romeo 164 has a V6 engine and is assembled in Milan .
Batagor , shamai and siomay are variations of the same dish and originates from Indonesia .
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore , in DeKalb County , Illinois .
Test pilot Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire , graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the U . S . Navy and this is a medal that is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Christian Panucci played football for Genoa F . C . and Chelsea F . C . . Today he manages A . S . Livorno Calcio .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Essex County , New York , in the United States .
Montevideo born Alfredo Zitarrosa , a solo singer , is signed to RCA Records and performs the genre Candombe .
The code for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is AMHAAJ .
Born in the Netherlands , Ab Klink , belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Akeem Adams plays for W Connection FC , , but his own club is Ferencvarosi TC where Thomas Doll is the manager and Gabor Kubatov is chairman .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a four stroke engine was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956 .
Greenville is part of Grand Chute and Ellington in Wisconsin , United States . it is the home of The Appleton International Airport that serves Appleton city and it ' s environs .
Seattle ( in the United States ) , is the largest city in Washington State , the state that Auburn ( part of King County ) is also part of . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
Connecticut was the birthplace of Alfred N Phillips .
Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock formation found in England where the established religion is The Church of England .
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim , California , which is part of Orange County , California , United States . Orange County is part of the Greater Los Angeles area .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio | in Mendrisio , Switzerland is located in Ticino . It was created in 1996 , has 600 students and its dean is Mario Botta . The country is led by a Federal Chancellor .
Aleksandr Chumakov , who was born in the Soviet Union , has played for FC Torpedo Moscow .
Guanciale is an ingredient in the traditional Italian Amatriciana sauce .
The TV character Bananaman was created by John Geering .
The architect Alfred Giles was born in England and he died in Kendall County , Texas . He was the architect of Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House .
Adam Koc received the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Valour for Poland and fought in World War I .
Alan Martin , who plays in the Scottish National under 21 football team , also plays for his club Motherwell FC at Fir Park .
The leaders of Singapore are Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob . They speak in English there and eat beef kway teow .
Bacon sandwiches come from the UK . The main ingredient is bacon and other variations include the BLT and a Club Sandwich .
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa whose capital is Cape Town and Cyril Ramaphosa is one of its leaders . Ethnic groups in South Africa are Coloured people and Asian South Africans .
James Pallota was born in Boston .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB , with an epoch date of March 6th 2006 , was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons . Its periapsis is 3997100000000 . 0 and its apoapsis measurement is 7715100000 . 0 km .
Bacon Explosion is a main course dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States and contains the main ingredients sausage and bacon .
Adam McQuaid played for the club Boston Bruins .
United States born Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Civial War where Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia , in the United States .
The Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force , which houses the The Lockheed AC - 130 ( attack aircraft ) and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle ( aircraft fighter ) . The United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986 .
Aaron Turner plays with the band Isis and performs Black Metal music which helped create Death Metal music .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and has a cylinder count of 13 .
Allen Forrest ' s genre of music is Rhythm and Blues which originated from blues music . Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
The genre of Andra ( singer ) is pop music .
The final flight of the rocket , Antares was on the 18th of September 2013 .
Paulo Sousa played for Juventus FC and now plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C while managing ACF Fiorentina .
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who studied at Stanford University and is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine in Friedrichshafen .
Alan Bean was an American test pilot who was a member of the Apollo 12 crew . He was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler Texas and attended UT Austin , B . S . 1955 . He retired in June 1981 .
Aktieselskab operates Aarhus Airport .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
The 3Arena is located at North Wall , Dublin .
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C from Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , also competed in the league in 2015 .
The guitar is an instrument used in Indie rock , one of the musicians of that genre , is Aaron Deer .
Solo singer Albennie Jones was a blues artist who was born in the U . S . in 1914 .
The currency of The Netherlands is the Euro .
Caterpillar , Inc . is located in Illinois .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , formerly known as 1999 SN5 , has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and was discovered on 4 November 2013 .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Yamamdú Palacios .
The Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin , Italy and was the designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Karpaty Lviv .
Ab Klink worked as a member of the senate and has the alma mater , Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , the Philippines . Taro and Sago are main ingredients .
Aaron Boogaard , who was born on 11 August 1986 in Regina , Saskatchewan , played for the club Wichita Thunder .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell became active on the music scene in 1963 and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and Mellow Candle . O ; Donnell was signed with Floating World Records .
Associazione Sportiva Calcio , better known as A . S Livorno Calcio , is a 19238 member club whose ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi .
Rhythm and blues musician Anders Osborne has previously worked with the band Galactic and the musical artists Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University , also known as Uab , is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . It ' s rector is Breaz Valer Daniel .
Bionico is a dessert from Jalisco , Mexico that includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Alfred N . Phillips served in the United States , Army which took part in the Whiskey Rebellion .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java where Ayam penyet ( which comes from the Singapore region ) is found .
Austin is the capital of Texas while Houston is its largest city . Texas also includes Arlington , Tarrant County .
Spaniards enjoy the dish arros negre , which is from Catalonia . Led by Carles Puigdemont , Catalonia is a region of Spain ( led by Felipe VI ) .
The governing body of Birmingham ( which has the B postcode ) is the City Council led by the UK Labour Party . The city is the home town of John Madin , the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Lippincott Williams & Wilkins are from the United States .
The city of Mendrisio in Switzerland is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . H was a test pilot , who died in St . Louis on February 28th , 1966 .
Alan Frews ' musical genre is rock music which originated from blues music .
300 North LaSalle in Chicago was completed in 2009 has 60 floors and its designer is Pickard Chilton .
1099 Figneria , formerly named 1928 RQ , has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Alan Frew is a Rock musician and singer soloist . Bhangra is derived from fusion , which originates from which , with its roots in folk music .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama .
The AIDAstella , christened 3 / 16 / 2013 , began service 3 / 17 / 2013 and is 253260 . 0 mm long .
Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , in the United States , is the location of Alpena County Regional Airport . The airport serves Alpena , Michigan , is 210 metres above sea level , and has a runway length of 1 , 533 .
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in Lompoc , California .
At 306 metres above sea level , Akron , Ohio , has a total area of 161 . 54 square kilometres , and a population density of 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square km .
Three cities found in New Jersey are Newark ( the largest ) , Trenton ( state capital ) , and Atlantic City .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion and is signed to the record label of Philips Records .
The city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport , which is located in Pakistan and led by Mamnoon Hussain .
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the US .
Alderney Airport serves the English speaking city of Alderney .
Alan Shepard is an American who was born in New Hampshire .
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is a member of the Rutaceae family .
Wiliam Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT with an M . S . in 1962 . In 1963 , he was selected by NASA and served as a test pilot and Apollo 8 crew member .
Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and is a variation of bakewell pudding from the Derbyshire Dales region led by Patrick McLoughlin .
The AIDAstella is still in service to this date .
Singer Al Anderson from the NRBQ band , which are exponents of Country music , was a member of The Wildweeds .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the US American Locomotive Company which was founded in Schenectady , New York .
Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport was the launch site of the ALV X - 1 rocket which has 2 stages and is 1 . 524 metres in diametre .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who was born on 24 February 1989 , plays for FC Tom Tomsk and is a member of the FC Spartak Moscow club .
The runway length of Atlantic City International Airport is 1873 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the title of the leader is President .
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league . They played in the 2014 season and have 27250 members .
Turkmenistan Airlines have their HQ in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan and their hub airport at Turkmenbashi International airport . They are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International airport .
In the Philippines you can find Zamboangans , Philippine Spanish , Batchoy , and Moro people .
Designed by the architect B V Doshi , Amdavad nu Gufa can be found in Gujarat , Admedabad , India .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23 , 1980 . Their reference number in the Register is 80002709 .
The leader of London is called Boris Johnson .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) has a ship beam length of 24 . 4 . and is 192000 mms in length . It derives from Argentina and provided spare parts for the Nael Minas Geraisand but the remainder was scrapped in 2000 .
Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish Soviet War , which was a conflict within the Russian Civil War . Born in Suwalki , Adam Koc , was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , located in Pacific Grove , California , was constructed in 1913 and was added to The National Register of Historic Places February 27 , 1987 .
Arlington is part of Tarrant County , in the state of Texas .
Akeem Priestley is in the Jacksonville Dolphins youth club and plays for the Jamaica national football team in the Dayton Dutch Lions .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum . The Institute offers tennis , a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA . The runway name at the airbase is 09L / 27R and it has a length of 3 , 992 . 88 .
Alan Bean who was originally from Wheeler , Texas worked for NASA . He became a member of Apollo 12 ' s crew along with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander .
The Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader of Manchester . Born in Manchester , Alfred Garth Jones , died in London .
Sumatra has an ethnic group called the Minangkabau people .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and it is 211 metres above sea level .
The Acura TLX has a Honda manufactured Honda J engine .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States whose leader is Barack Obama . The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C . , the spoken language is English and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
The 1055 Dodge has a V8 engine , a 3 speed automatic transmission and a hardtop .
John Roberts is the Chief Justice in America where the leader is known as the President of the United States and the capital is Washington DC . The US is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , and owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Bandeja paisa containing Chicharron is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia .
Ahmet Ertegun , from the United States , started out as a non performing personnel and now plays rock and roll music .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , United States and whose leader is Frank G Jackson , which is governed by the Cleveland City Council .
The American comic book writer Roger McKenzie and Gene Colan created the character Ben Urich , who has the full name Benjamin Urich .
Auburn , Washington is located in the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York . He died in the New Mexico Territory in the U . S .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica , or Acta Palaeontol . Pol . , focuses on Paleontology and has a CODEN code of APGPAC .
The leader of Paraguay is called Juan Afara .
Auburn is part of King County in Washington .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst .
Accrington Stanley F . C . play in Accrington .
Alex Tyus plays for Pallacanestro Cantu of the Lega Basket Serie A .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect Jhon Madin who was born in birgmingham where the leader is the conservative party ( UK ) .
Disco derives from rhythm and blues which originates from the blues . Rhythm and blues is performed by the solo singer Andra .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
AEK Athens F . C . , with 69618 members , play in the Superleague Greece . Their ground is in Athens .
Adolf Schärf , was born in Austria - Hungary and was President at the same time Alfons Gorbach was in office .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan where Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders .
Elliot See was born in Dallas County , Dallas Texas .
Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense which has 17000 members .
Elliot See studied at University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with University of Texas System and is competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See died in St . Louis , which leader is Francis G . Slay .
William Anders was born on 17th October 1933 and retired on the 1st September 1969 . He born in Hong Kong and he was an American fighter pilot .
David Cameron is leader of the United Kingdom , which is home to the bacon sandwich . The BLT , which contains lettuce , is a variation of the bacon sandwich and the BLT is a version of a club sandwich .
Ajo Blanco ( sometimes called Ajoblanco ) is a dish from Spain that contains water .
Alessio Romagnoli has represented the club U . C . Sampdoria .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Albany is in Georgia , in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The inhabitants of this English speaking country , are known as Americans .
Bakso is made in China .
The Frangipane - based Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and hails from the Derbyshire Dales region . Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales .
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , and its runway length is 2702 . 0 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Steel Azin FC who play in Iran ' s 3rd division . He also played for Esteghlal Ahvaz FC who are managed by Adnan Hamad .
Philippine English is the official language of the Philippines .
101 Helena , was discovered by James Craig Watson , who studied at the University of Michigan , and died from peritonitis , in Madison , Wisconsin .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is established in 1928 .
AWH Engineering College has a staff size of 250 and is in the city of Kuttikkattoor .
The Fiat Croma , Opel Vectra and Alfa Romeo 164 are related forms of transportation . The latter is assembled in Italy and has a V6 engine .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music , whose derivative is funk . He signedcto London based Deram Records and with Kiss8ng Spell Records .
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 2194 . 0 .
Antwerp is served by Antwerp International airport .
Anders Osborne plays rock music and signed to Shanachie Records . Mr . Osborne ' s recording label is Alligator Records .
The ALV X - 1 originated from the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC . The people of the US are called Americans and include the ethnic group of native Americans .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic and is 178 cm in height . He previously played for FC Karpaty Lviv and currently for AS Lyon - Duchere .
Pakora , similar to Bahajji , can include cauliflower .
Rostock is in Germany .
734 is the area code for Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Aaron Hunt ' s former clubs include VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen .
In Indonesia the currency is the Indonesian rupiah .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015 , and they have 17000 members .
Antioch is a part of Contra Costa County , San Francisco Bay area , in California . A language spoken in California is Vietnamese .
Annibale de Gasparis discovered 10 Hygiea , whose average speed is 16 . 76 kilometres per second and had its epoch date on 27th June 2015 . It has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart , a variant of Bakewell pudding , from the Derbyshire Dales region .
Montreal Canadiens won the most championships in the National Hockey League .
Frederick County , Maryland is the location of the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument is located . It was established on 11 July 1907 being provided by the National Park Service and is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
Bornin 1972 , in Serbia , Aleksandra Kovac , an exponent of Rhythm and blues , has a background as a solo singer .
A . F . C . Fylde , has 3180 members and its ground is Kellamergh Park .
Buzz Aldrin spent a total of 52 . 0 minutes in space .
Albuquerque , is led by a mayor and is located in Bernalillo County , New Mexico ; part of English speaking , United States .
The successor to Alfred Moore Scales was James Madison Leach .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin and plays for SV Germania Schoneiche .
Attica is in Logan Township , Fountain County ( County Seat Covington ) , Indiana , US . Washington Dc is the capital of the US .
Anaheim is part of California which uses the English language .
Ayam penyet originates from Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
The apoapsis for 1089 Tama is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and it has an average speed of 19 . 94 km per sec .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler Texas .
Appleton International Airport serves Appleton and is located in Greenville , Grand Chute , Dale in the American State of Wisconsin .
Albert B White , who was married to Agnes Ward White , had a career between 4 March 1901 and 4 March 1905 . He was the Governor of West Virginia and his successor was William M O Dawson .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales , Derbyshire .
Austin is the capital city of Texas and Arlington is part of the state too .
Administrative Science Quarterly publisher of SAGE Publications for the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management , Cornell University , its abreviation is Admin . Sci . Q . and the LCCN number is 57059226 .
Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is considered a variation of A BLT , which is itself considered to be variation of a club sandwich .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina and also Christian Burns who is an exponent of House Music .
Alex Tyus played for the club Anadolu Efes S . K and he plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League .
Atlas II originates from the United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . and African Americans are among the ethnic groups .
Ayam penyet is from Java and is also popular in Malaysia , where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
With a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , Anaheim is a city in Orange County ( California ) , and is led by the California State Assembly .
The Dodge 1955 has a straight - six engine .
The Atlas II is from the United States which is led by the President . The country has the capital of Washington DC and the ethnic groups include the native Americans .
Americans inhabit the U . S whose capital is Washington D . C . and whose leader is Barack Obama .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , has a population of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The Aston Martin V8 ( manfactired by Aston Martin ) and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport . The successor of the Aston Martin DBS is the Aston Martin Vantage .
The Gruppo Bertone was founded in Turin .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , London . The city is governed by the Greater London Authority , the European Parliament and Boris Johnson .
Juan Carlos I of Spain was born in Rome . Juan Carlos I of Spain ' s predecessor was Alfonso XIII . Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch and Felipe González was Prime Minister .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
" Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the dish ' ayam penyet ' .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , which is the location of Abilene , Texas .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and FC Kuban Krasnodar club .
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . It ' s runway length is 3800 . 0 and is 211 metres above sea level , the name of the runway is 11 / 29 .
The A - Rosa Luna has a 2 × MTU 16V 2000 M60 engine , a top speed of 24 km / h , weighs 1850 tonnes and is 125 . 8 metres long .
15788 1993 SB was discovered by Roque de los Muchachos Observatory and its epoch is 6th March 2006 .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States .
Abraham A . Rubicoff was born in Connecticut and was the Governor . His successor was John N . Dempsey and he died in the United States .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company . It has a four - stroke engine . and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres . A total of 1418 were made .
Born in 1914 in Errata , Mississippi and with a background as a solo singer , Albennie Jones is a performer of rhythm and blues .
Al Anderson of the NRBQ band whose genre is Rock music , played once with The Wildweeds .
General Dynamics Electric Boat in Groton , Connecticut made the American sub NR - 1 . The parent co . of the GD Electric Boat is called General Dynamics .
Aaron Bertram played Ska Punk music for the Suburban Legends Band and the Kids Imagine Nation Band . Ska punk comes from Ska which originates from Punk rock .
The currency in Mexico is the peso .
300 North LaSalle is in Chicago , Illinois in the U . S . Susana Mendoza leads Chicago . English is spoken in Illinois .
Stuart Parker has been the manager of AFC Blackpool , a club based in the city of Blackpool where the council is led by the UK Labour Party . His previous club was Stockport County FC .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in Atlantic County , New Jersey .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in the year 2000 and is situated in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . The monument is categorised as a contributing property .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asunción and died in Paraguay , where the leader is Juan Afara .
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 5 speed manual transmission .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is situated 88 meters above sea level . The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae . The airport ' s runway is called 08 / 26 and its length is 497 . 0 meters .
The Alhambra had a Geared steam engine Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes 140hp .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus Univerrsity in the city of Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . The School is led by Dean Thomas Pallesen and has 16000 students and an academic staff of 737 .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is an executive class car with a straight - four engine . It has a Sedan bodystyle and an alternative name of the Alfa Romeo 168 .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion . Eric Flint was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein and was born in Burbank , California .
The Alhambra , built by the Samuda Brothers , has an 8 . 3m ship beam and has a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres . It is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine , and has a top speed of 18 . 52 .
The alternative name for AMC Matador is VAM Classic and it ' s assembled in Port Melbourne , Victoria . It is a station wagon that has an AMC straight - 6 engine .
Al Anderson is a singer for the band NRBQ and they perform rock music . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was a member of the Nigerian Air Force , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President .
Aaron Boogaard was born in 1986 in Regina , Saskatchewan .
Alpharetta , Georgia is located in the United States ; where Washington , D . C . is the capital and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans .
A . C . Chievo Verona has 39371 members and its home ground is Stadio Marc Anthonio Bentegodi .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain .
Found in Indonesiam a batagor consists of a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England .
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and Gerard Larcher is leader .
Acura is a division of Honda which makes the Acura TLX . The engine size of the Acura TLX is 3 . 5 litres .
The previous name of 320 South Boston Building was the Exchange National Bank Building .
Sweet potato is and ingredient in Binignit .
Michele Marcolini ' s club is A . C > Chievo Verona and he manages the A . C . Lumezzane .
Batagor and shumai are variations on the same dish , Siomay , and one if its ingredients is Peanut sauce .
The Library of Congress Classification of A Glastonbury Romance is PR6031O867 .
Adare Manor is located in Adare .
Eric Flint , influenced by Robert A . Heinlin , ( Burbank , Ca . ) wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
The apoapsis for 1089 Tama is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The AIDS ( journal ) is the academic discipline of HIV , studying HIV / AIDS .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 and was part of Apollo 11 .
Abilene , Texas is located in Taylor County , Texas .
Bo Bibbowski ( full name Bibbo Bibbowski ) was created by Jerry Ordway .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian community , is a traditional dish from Spain and has Cephalopod ink as an ingredient .
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' , which is a dish found nationwide in Indonesia and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
Cyrus Vance Jr . is one of the leaders of Manhattan .
A . C . Lumezzane play in italy .
Stanford University is the alma mater for A . T . Charlie Johnson .
Amarillo of Potter County Texas , is in the U . S . which has Washington , D . C . as its capital and people speak English .
Piano player Aaron Deer , is a performer of the music genre Indie rock . The stylistic origin of indie rock is new wave music .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , that is from France and New York region .
The ALCO RS - 3 was produced by Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956 . It is 17068 . 8 mm long , with a V12 engine .
English is the language of Texas .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires which is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature . Argentina , is where they speak Spanish , and is led by Gabriela Michetti .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , who ' s leader is Sergio Mattarella and where they speak Italian .
Andra is a singer whose career started in 2000 and her music genre is Dance - pop .
Angola , Indiana is located in the United States , where English is the official language .
Tapioca is an ingredient of bakso which is from Indonesia and popular in the Indonesian region and the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries .
World War II , was the war where Benito Mussolini was a commander , the East Africa Campaign was a part of it and Airey Neave was involved in it .
The president is the leader of the United States . The country where Austin , Texas , is located . Also where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Atlanta covers 344 . 9 sq km but has a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
The musician Andrew White ' s record label is the ( now defunct ) Universal Records .
The DeSoto Custom was manufactured at DeSoto and is a related means of transport to the 1955 Dodge and the Chrysler Newport .
Alex Day was born in the United Kingdom .
Pallacanestro Cantu is in the Lega Basket Serie A league .
The architectural style of the Alan B Miller Hall is Georgian .
A Wizard of Mars was preceded by Wizards at War .
Joe Biden and Paul Ryan are leaders of the United States which is led by a President . The country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Ahmet Ertegun , a rock and roll musician , came from the U . S . Rock and roll music originated from country music . One ethnci group in the U . S . are African Americans .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is located in England ' s capital - London It is dedicated to AEthwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia and it is made of rock . England ' s main religion in the Church of England . One of the languages spoken in England is the Cornish language .
Alvah Sabin , who ended his career on 3 March 1857 , represented Vermont where the largest city is Burlington .
Rome is the capital of Italy where amatriciana sauce is a traditional accompaniment .
The California State Assembly , which is located in the California State Capitol , leads Anaheim , a part of California .
Carpi F . C . 1909 won the Serie B championship before .
Alan Bean ' s birth place is Wheeler , Texas .
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , which is part of Menasha , Wisconsin , USA .
Atlas II from the United States , was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr on 1930 - 01 - 20 . He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology obtaining the ScD . in 1963 . He won 20 awards .
Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients and can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
The runway length at Amsterdam airport , Schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale was finished in 1931 and is in theTudor Revival architectural style .
Colombian Bandeja paisa includes the ingredient , Hogao .
13 / 31 is the runway name for Atlantic City International airport located in Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music which has its origins in Funk and stylistic origin in disco . Allen Forrest . whose musical genre is hip hop music , is also known by Matchstik , Match , Allan , Forrester , Alan , Foster , Forest Matchstick , Matchstix and Allen Forrest .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 was a part of the 2014 – 15 Lega Pro season , it has 5300 members .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States , a country with a president , many Asian Americans , and the English language ( also spoken in Great Britain ) .
Alan Shepard died in California where senator is Dianne Feinstein and gemstone is Benitoite .
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and its epoch was on 31st December 2006 .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia and covers an area of 344 . 9 ( total area : 347 . 1 ) square kilometres . The city ' s population density is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometres .
Although William Anders was from the United States , he was actually born in British Hong Kong .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India . It has 700 postgraduate students ; its director is Dr G . P . Prabhukumar and its president is B . M . Reddy .
Alison O ' Donnell is a performer of jazz music which has a derivative called funk . She has been signed to Deram Records of London and also to Osmosys Records .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . It has a 1st runway surfaced with poaceae with a length of 497 . 0 .
A Long Long Way was printed in print and paperback . It has 292 pages and the OCLC number 57392246 .
Batagor and Siomay are variations of the same dish . One of their ingredients is Shiitake . It is found in the country of Indonesia , which leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States , which is where Alfred Moore Scales was from . Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg , which was part of the American Civil War military conflict . A commander in the American Civil War was Abraham Lincoln .
Jens Härtel is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
18R / 36L Plderbaan is the runway name at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artist , Bobina .
The Romani people are an ethnic group in Poland , the country of which Adam Koc is a national .
Buzz Aldrein ( aka Edwin E . Aldrin , Jr . ) was born on the 20th January , 1930 . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and member of the Apollo 11 crew . He has retired .
Simon & Schuster is the publisher of A Glastonbury Romance .
The Andrews County Airport of Andrews city in Texas is famous for the Helipad runway which is 8 . 0 long and situated at 973 . 0 above sea level .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F . C . whose home is Palo Seco grounds . He now plays with Ferencvarosi TC .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra . It can also be found in Malaysia ( capital city : Kuala Lumpur ) where Malaysian chinese and Malay are ethnic groups .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II managed by Alexander Nouri .
Anaheim can be found in California in the United States and is led by the U . S . House of Representatives .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway length of 2989 . 0 and is located 211 metres above sea level .
Most of Atlanta , U . S . is part of DeKalb County in Georgia . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Alan Martin was born on 1 January 1989 and plays for both Ayr United FC and Hamilton Academical FC .
Anders Osborne , whose musical career began in 1989 performs the musical genre of rhythm and blues . He is associated with the band Galactic , And the musical artists Billi Iuso and Tab Benoit .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , located in Gettysbury in the state of Pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property .
Elliot See , a US national born in Texas , was educated at the University of Texas at Austin ( which is affiliated to the university of texas system ) . The University of Texas at Austin is competing in the Big 12 Conference .
Rhythm and blues comes from blues and is the origin for Disco and Funk . Andra is an R & B singer .
C Woods discovered 107 Camilla .
The main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables and the dish comes from the Karnataka region .
Afonso Pena International Airport in Sao Jose dos Pinhais is 911 metres above sea level . Its runway is 1 , 800 metres long , is named 15 / 33 and SBCT is the name of the airport ' s ICAO location identifier .
AS Gubbio have their ground in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella . The Italian people speak the Italian language and their capital city is Rome .
Richard A . Teague is the designer of the AMC Matador .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print form .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , a member of the Nigerian Air Force , was in office while the Vice President was Mike Akhigbe , whose successor was Atiku Abubakar .
The A Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine . The latter company is owned by Roll Royce Holdings .
Alex Day started performing in 2006 .
The country of Pierce Country , Washington , is United States .
Arem arem comes from Indonesia , it is a main course dish and includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Atlanta is led by Atlanta City Council .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in the United States . He died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico Territory on 1 February 1896 .
Alan Bean was on the crew of Apollo 12 operated by NASA where David Scott was the commander . He was selected by NASA in 1963 where his Alma Mater is UT Austin , B . S . 1955 .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London .
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km , an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per sec , and a surface are of 837080 . 744 sq km .
Ace Wilder is a singer with a background as a solo singer . He was born in Stockholm on July 23 , 1982 .
Arianespace , located in France , launched the Ariane 5 at ELA - 3 .
The AMC Matador is available in a 1974 model .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 .
Bakewll pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales and is made from ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs and can be served warm or cold .
Alison O ' Donnell was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and the Mellow Candle . Her genre is the folk music of Ireland and started performing in 1963 .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England . He sadly passed away in Sidcup , London in 1944 .
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore , a country where English is spoken . Beef kway teow comes from Singapore . It is also a popular food in Indonesia .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV which compete in the Bundesliga . He has also played for SV Werder Bremen II which is managed by , Alexander Nouri .
Errata , Mississippi born Albennie Jones is a Rhythm and Blues solo singer .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka ( which has Telangana to its northeast ) . It was given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education ( located in Mumbai ) . The institute ' s offered sport is Tennis ; the governing body for tennis is the International Tennis Federation .
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka , which is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe and its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura .
Aaron Bertram ' s musical genre is Ska punk , music whose origins are punk rock .
Rhythm and blues artist Ahmet Eregum , who is a non - performer , is originally from Washington , D . C . Rhythm and blues originated from the blues while disco ' s roots are from R and B .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC who have their ground at Al Khor .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York and also died in the US .
Barny cakes originated in France , where the leader is Claude Bartalone and the national language is French .
In the Philippines , the Chinese Filipino , the Zamboangans , Arabic , and Batchoy can be found .
Romania , capital Bucharest , is home to the ethnic group , the Germans of Romania and has a national anthem entitled " Desteapta - te romane ! " . The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and the current leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji and bajji , is a dish which contains vegetables .
Abilene , Texas has an area of water that is 14 . 2 square kilometres .
Mije Akhigbe , who was in the Nigerian Navy , was Vice President whilst Abdulsalami Abubakar ( later succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo ) was in office .
Allen Forrest lays Rhythm and Blues which originated from blues music .
Attica , Indiana which is in Fountain County is 4 . 14 sq KM , has 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq KM and is 166 above sea level .
Alexandria is the largest city in Madison County , Indiana . Indiana is in the US and its capital is Indianapolis .
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where one of the languages spoken is Greenlandic . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
The main course dish Bacon Explosion , which includes sausages as well as bacon , comes from Kansas City , United States .
Appleton International Airport , which is 280 metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 1 , 982 long , is operated by Outagamie County in Wisconsin .
The U . S . Navy awarded Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire and is home to the Purple finch bird , the Distinguished Service Medal which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia and it contains banana leaf .
Albany is in Georgia in the United States . It has a total area of 144 . 7 sq . km .
The Antares rocket first voyage was on January 9 , 2014 from the launch site , the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
The Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Rocket Minotaur V .
Alfredo Zitarrosa music genre is Taquirari .
The United States was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County in the U . S . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Sour cream is an ingredient used in the preparation of Bionico which is a Mexican food dish .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Stockport County F . C .
Adam McQuaid , who was born on Prince Edward Island , on October 12th , 1986 , is 1 . 9558m tall .
20 Fenchurch Street , with 34 floors , is located within the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the monarch .
Abarth was founded in Italy and is the maker of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
109 Felicitas has 7 . 5 kg of mass .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak , and was succeeded by Adenan Satem .
Anders Osborne is an exponent of Rock music and was signed to the Shanachie Records label .
Anders Osborne is a guitarist .
Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national Ernie Colon created the comic character of Bolt .
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force . It has two type of identifiers , its ATA Location identifier is AGR and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG .
English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States . African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , the capital is Washington D . C . and A Fortress of Grey Ice is from there .
A Loyal Character Dancer can be found in hardcover and was penned by Qiu Xiaolong .
The Lancia Thema is related to the Saab 9000 and the Alfa Romeo 164 . The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy , whose capital is Rome .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport which is situated 23 . 0 meters above sea level . Atlantic City International Airport ' s ICAO Location Identifier is KACY . " 13 / 31 " is the name of the airport ' s runway and is 3048 . 0 meters long .
Auburn , Alabama , USA is part of Lee County where some Asian Americans live .
With a total area of 347 . 1 SqKm , Atlanta , covers 344 . 9 square kilometres , and has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by both Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino .
Abraham A Ribicoff was a national of the United States and was born in Connecticut . He was a member of the US Democratic Party and became Governor of Connecticut before dying in New York .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , US .
18L / 36R Aalsmeerbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
The Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is a part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Buzz Aldrin , who is now retired , is a US national who was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a ScD in 1963 .
The Amsterdam Airport , whose runway is 3800 feet , serves Amsterdam .
' Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians ' is from The United States , the country where White Americans live .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland . The country ' s leader Johann Schneider - Ammann is officially known as the Federal Chancellor .
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan , born in California , who also designed Chinatown in San Francisco and the Asilomar State Beach .
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop , a derivative of disco music . The stylistic origin of synthpop is new wave music .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku , was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is in Azerbaijan which is led by Artur Rasizade .
Arros Negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain . The region ' s leader is Carles Puigdemont and the ruler of the country is King Felipe VI .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where you can find the dish Ayam penyet . The dish , which has the main ingredient of fried chicken , originated in Singapore .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups , is African Americans .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , inhabited by Greeks .
The United States includes the African American ethnic group , has the capital of Washington DC and is the location of Albany in Oregon .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , at the following addres : Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
Chris Patten served as a representative of British Hong Kong .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbour Township , which is located in Atlantic City , New Jersey , United States .
The Aids Journal was first published in 1987 with the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 , it ' s also comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AIDs .
Architects James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor , the building of which started in 1700 and was completed in 1862 .
Jazz has its stylistic origins in folk music .
The epoch date of 109 Felicitas is 31 December 2006 . It has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
Clevelnad born , Albert B . White , died in Parkersburg , West Virginia , in the United States . The successor to Albert B . White was William M . O . Dawson , who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Andrew Rayel , whose genre is trance , is associated with musician Christian Burns and musical artist , Bobina .
The city of Alpharetta , Georgia is in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and Washington D . C . is the capital city .
Akeem Dent ' s first team were the Atlanta Falcons , which is owned by Arthur Blank , and plays in Atlanta .
The ALCO RS - 3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by the Montreal Locomotive Works . It has a four - stroke engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M . A . Alan went on to become a test pilot and joined NASA in 1959 . He later died in California .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music , a genre that originated from blues music .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Carroll county , Maryland to its southeast and Cumberland county , Pennsylvania to its north .
The United States is led by the President and includes the ethnic group of African Americans among its population . The country is the location of Akron which is part of Summit County , Ohio .
Designed by the architect John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) , 103 Colmore Row has 23 floors and is located in Birmingham , England .
James Craig Watson who is originally from Canada was the discoverer of the 103 Hera . He later passed away of peritonitis .
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia . Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic grop from Malaysia and one of the other ethnic groups of Malaysia is Malaysian Indian . Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region and is a food that is found in Malaysia .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is an American . He was chosen by NASA in 1963 and was a fighter pilot as well as a member of Apollo 8 . He retired on Sept 1 1969 .
The location of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is Habbaniyah .
Aaron Turner is a singer , who plays for the Isis band . Previously he performed in the House of Low Culture .
Wizards at War is published by Harcourt .
Elliot See ( born in Dallas on 1927 - 07 - 23 ) went to the University of Texas at Austin who competed in the Big 12 Conference .
Aaron Hunt , who plays for the club , Hamburger SV , played for SV Werder Bremen II . Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen .
William Anders is a fighter pilot .
The Minotaur V and Antares rocket were both launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . The Delta II , similar to the Antares , was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and originated in the United States .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge New Jersey and graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D . He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member on Apollo 11 .
15788 1993 SB was discovered by Iwan P Williams and has an epoch date of 6 March 2006 . The orbital period is 772943000 , the periapsis is 3997100000000 . 0 and the apoapsis 7715100000 kilometres .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is the Germany national under - 21 football team and he ' s played for the Goslarer SC 08 youth team as well as for SV Werder Bremen .
Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji .
ALV X - 1 hails from the United States , where The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Turkey ' s largest city is Istanbul , it ' s currency is the lira and has the Ataturk Monument in Izmir .
The AMC Matador ' s body style is station wagon .
Al Anderson is a singer for the band NRBQ and their genre is Rock music .
Elizabeth 11 is a leader in the United Kingdom and 20 Fenchurch Street is also located in the United Kingdom .
Ab Klink was born in Netherlands which uses the Euro as its currency and is led by Mark Rutte .
Ace Wilder is a songwriter .
Denzil Antonio was the manager of Akron Summit Assault and they participated in the 2011 PDL season .
A . S . Roma play in Serie A and their stadium is in Rome .
The leader of Austria is Doris Bures . Alfons Gorbach was born and died in Austria , Hungary , where the language is Austrian German .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama . A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Faversham in Kent , England , graduated from Magdalene College , Cambridge .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa which has the capital city of Cape Town . The leader of South Africa is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian South Africans .
The Appleton International Airport is in Greenville , Wisconsin , which is in Grand Chute , Wisconsin . The airport serves the city of Appleton and its location is part of the town of Menasha , Wisconsin .
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am . J . Math . ) , first published in 1878 about Mathematics , has an ISSN number 0002 - 9327 .
New York City is where the Association for Computing machinery headquarters is located .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan and is part of Akita Prefecture . There are an ethnic group of Koreans in Japan .
Jeff Fisher is the coach for the Los Angles Rams .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin , United States . The airport serves Appleton , Wisconsin and Greenville is part of Menasha , Wisconsin .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is within the United States and the leader is the Mayor .
Native Americans and country Bacon Explosion both are from the United States .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . It was was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion . and followed by Ring of Fire II , that is written in English .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is led by the politician Christopher Taylor .
The total area of Akron , Ohio , is 161 . 54 square kilometres and the population density is 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
John van den Brom , who manages the AZ Alkmaair , plays for Istanulspor A . S .
MTU Friedrichshafen is located in the city of Friedrichshafen .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid , New York , and also Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown , New York .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg ; the first club he played for was FC Lokomotive Leipzig .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 and was a member of Apollo 12 .
United States citizen Alan Bean was a member of NASA ' s Apollo 12 crew with his backup pilot Alfred Worden .
Alan Bean is a national of the United States . He was born in Wheeler Texas on 1932 - 03 - 15 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , available as an E - Book , was authored by Eric Flint and has a ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation and the runway name is 10L / 28R .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for AS Roman and AC Milan , managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic , in the Serie A League .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow but he use to play for the FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team , whose home ground was at the Otkrytiye Arena .
Albany is part of Linn County , Oregon .
A Storrs discovered 107 Camilla on its epoch date of December 31 , 2006 . It has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Tim Brooke Taylor was born in England and starred in Bananaman .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument , which has a contributing property categorization , is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania . Adams County is bounded by Franklin County to the west ; Cumberland County to the north and Carroll County to the South - east . All except Carroll County are in Pennsylvania , which is in Maryland .
The BBC , based in Broadcasting House , London , showed the TV series Bananaman . This show starred Aberdeen born Graeme Garden .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , USA . It is categorised as a contributing property .
William Anders is a test pilot .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
ACF Fiorentina , have 47290 members , and played the 2014 - 15 season in Serie A .
Saskatchewan born , Aaron Boogaard , is 1 . 905m high and plays for Wichita Thunder .
Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia .
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , Indiana . in the U . S .
Aston Martin makes the Aston Martin V8 which is connected to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
The Technical Institute , Kaduna is the alma mater of Abdulsalami Abubakar .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F . C .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is the Uruguay national under 20 football team and also US Citta di Palermo .
Aleksandr Prudnikov currently plays for FC Amkar Perm .
Musician Alison O ' Donnell is a member of Flibbertigibbet and associated with Plastik Mak .
The United States is the location of Angola , Indiana and includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups .
250 Delaware Ave . was begun in Jan 2014 and has 12 floors and measures 30843 . 8 square meters . It cost 110 million dollars .
A . T . Charlie Johnson lives in the U . S .
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States , where Barack Obama is the President and where Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Jacksonville Dolphins team represent Jacksonville University .
Andrew Rayel whose musical genre is trance music , is associated with the artists Jwaydan Moyine , Bobina , Armin van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi .
Aenir , written by Garth Nix , was produced in print with the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and the OCLC number 45644811 .
Arròs negre is from Spain , where the language is Spanish , the leader is Felipe VI and Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Standard Chinese is spoken in the beef kway teow regional dishes ' origin of Singapore .
Alex Tyus is in the Euroleague with club Maccabi Ashdod BC .
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are Meringue , ice cream , and sponge cake or Christmas pudding . The dish comes from either Paris , New York , Hong Kong or China .
Alhambra is owned by London based P & O company .
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in Netherlands , the leader of which , is Emile Roemer .
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol and performs pop music . A fusion genre of pop music is disco .
Walter Baade , who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He studied at the University of Gottingen , had Halton Arp as one of his doctoral students and died in Gottingen .
The A - Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft , Warnemünde . Weighing 1850 tonnes , it has a top speed of 24 . 0 and a length of 125 . 8 metres .
Bhajji come from India where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of the Indian people .
A . C . Cesana play in Serie B , they have 23900 members and their ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi .
250 Delaware Avenue is in the United States . The capital is Washington DC and John Roberts is a leader .
Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle which is in Illinois .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont whose biggest city is called Burlington . Mr . Sabin died in Sycamore , Illinois .
Cornell University , in Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
The California State Senate is part of the California State Legislature .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 07 / 23 / 1927 . He attended University of Texas at Austin and died in St . Louis .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra has played for both Shabab Al - Ordon Club and Al - Khor Sports Club .
Abradab performs hip hop music which originated from jazz music and Gangsta rap is a sub genre . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
Batchoy is a type of soup .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army which had previously been involved in the American Revolutionary War .
Julie Morgan is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown in San Francisco .
The United States is the birthplace of Abraham A . Ribicoff , a Uniyed States national , whose spouse was Casey Ribicoff . Abraham A . Ribicoff died in New York City , New York , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is , African Americans .
Walter Baade , who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf , discovered 1036 Ganymed . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and he died in Gottingen . Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) and Baked Alaska are types of desserts . The later comes from the U . S . African Americans are an ethnic group in that country .
Sri Lanka , led by Ranil Wickremesinghe with the official language being Tamil , is home to Adisham Hall .
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and owned by Costa Crociere whoa re located in Genoa . It is operated by the AIDA Cruise Line and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
200 Public Square , which has a floor count of 45 , is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the pop music genre record label , Deram Records .
3Arena is located in Dublin , which is a part of Leinster , and owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
The Igorot people are part of one of the ethnic groups in the Phillipines where Philippine English is spoken and the dish batchoy is eaten .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and one of its ethnic groups is Malaysian chinese .
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese . It is a related means of transportation to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors , 814 rooms , is owned by Bella Center and is tenanted by the Marriott International Hotel .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion . written by Eric Flint , has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and is also available as an E book .
Aaron Deer is a solo singer and Psychedelia music artist from Indiana , USA , who is in the band Wee Giant .
1 FC Magdeburg is in the 3 Liga league , it played in the 2014 season and has 27250 members .
Appleton International Airport located in Greenville , Wisconsin , has an elevation of 280 meters above sea level as well as a runway length of 2 , 349 .
Baked Alaska which contains sponge cake is found in the U . S .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds has an Arts and Crafts movement style architecture .
Albany , Oregon has a population density of 1104 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and covers an area of 45 . 97 sq km .
Atlantic City , N . J . , which is led by Don Guardian , is served by the Atlantic City International Airport .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Galicia , Spain , serves as the Mayor of Vigo and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Auburn forms part of both King County and Pierce County in Washington . It is located in the United States where the capital is Washington DC .
Baked Alaska comes from France where French is the language spoken .
The AIDAluna , powered by Caterpillar Inc . , was christened 4 / 4 / 2009 and had its first voyage , March 22 , 2009 . It is 252000 . 0mm long with a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
Bhajji are found in the region of Karnataka , India , which leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan and the currency is Indian rupee .
The Akita Museum of Art at " 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori " has 3 floors with an area of 3746 . 66 square metres ; it was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s youth football club was FC Spartak Moscow who have their homeground at the Otkrytiye Arena . He currently plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz .
Atlantic City in the United States is part of New Jersey ( which has the capital Trenton ) . The largest city in the US is New York City .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Harbour View FC and he plays for Orange County Blues FC , which is managed by Oliver Wyss .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia , in the United States , where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
With headquarters in New York , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey operates Atlantic City International airport . The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township . in Atlantic County , New Jersey , in the United States .
The Olympic Stadium , located in Athens , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC .
ALV X - 1 hails from the US where the capital is Washington D . C . and The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem . United States has ethnic groups including African Americans and English is spoken .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia in the U . S . which has Washington D . C as its capital and is home to Native Americans .
The Euro is the currency in Spain , where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader , and where Arròs negre is from .
I am interested in the 2014 A . C . Lumezzane season .
Agustin Barboza plays Guarania style music and has a background as solo singer .
Barney cakes can be found in France where two of the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States . Spanish is spoken in Texas .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport which is operated by ENAIRE can be found in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The runway name is 14L / 32R and it has a length of 4349 . 0 .
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin . The university is affiliated with the University of Texas System and it competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . The president of the university was Gregory L . Fenves . Elliot See died in St Louis . The leader of St . Louis was Francis G . Slay .
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and English is spoken . The dish is also popular in Indonesia .
Ace Wilder performs electropop music .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region in Spain , the leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia .
Auburn is in Pierce County , part of Washington state ( United States ) , where the state ' s largest city , is Seattle . The capital of the United States is Washington DC .
Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco . Drum and bass is a derivative of hip hop which is the musical genre of Abradab .
Established in 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association . The university has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students and it ' s latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis .
1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , with an architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement , is located in Pacific Grove , California .
Alfred Moore Scales was active during the Peninsula Campaign .
The Aston Martin V8 assembly is located in Newport Pagnell .
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor which was started in 1700 and completed in 1862 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science , his occupation was a fighter pilot and is now retired . Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA , .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , which president is Barack Obama , and it is in English language , which is spoken as well in Great Britain .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore , Karnataka , India , 560090 . It was established in 2000 , it ' s president is B . M . Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students .
A . S . Roma ' s position is the Serie A .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy . The football club play in Serie D , the champions of which are S . S . Robur Siena . Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and the language spoken is Italian .
Albert B . White , who was born in Cleveland , was married to Agnes Ward White and finished his career on March 4th 1905 and was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan whose capital is Baku . The memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is called Turk Sehitleri Aniti . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner . Azerbaijan is led by the Prime Minister .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland , U . S . and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . . His successor , William M . O . Dawson , died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan in 1986 . He is 1 . 905 metres in height and belongs to the Wichita Thunder club .
Elliot See who was originally born in Dallas worked as a test pilot before he died in St . Louis .
Ayam penyet contains fried chicken and originates from Singapore . It can also be found in Java where the banyumasan people are one of the ethnic groups .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was completed in 2000 and categorised as a contributing property . It is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 is associated with the Minotaur V rocket , and was the launch site of the Antares rocket .
Attica , Indiana is located in the United States where African Americans are one of the country ' s ethnic groups .
SLK is the I . D . of the Adirondack Regional Airport .
The European Space Agency is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which has its first flight March 2 , 2004 . It has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres and was launched from the Guiana Space Centre . Ariane 5 had its final flight on the 18th of December 2009 .
410777 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 , an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres and it was discovered by the Spacewatch .
Juventus F . C , former champions of Serie A , compete with A . S . Roma , known under the full name Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . , based in Rome , Italy , playing in Serie A .
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where Prokopis Pavlopoulos is a leader .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and the bodhrán .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 which was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 . The ALCO RS - 3 ; has a V12 engine , a diesel - electric transmission and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
The American Locomotive Co . , founded in Schenectady , New York and located in the U . S . , builds the ALCO RS - 3 .
Al Anderson is a country music star , from Windsor , Connecticut . His music career began in 1966 . Al plays with NRBQ , and played once with The Wildweeds .
A Long Long Way was published in Ireland , where white people live , by Viking Press , parented by Penguin Random House , who subsequently published The Secret Scripture .
Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont ( largest city : Burlington ) .
Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908 , his club is A . C . Chievo Verona and is now a manager at A . C . Lumezzane .
13 January 2016 is the epoch date for ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 which has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days . It has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres and a periapsis of 41498400000 . 0 .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which is located in the United States . The architect of the Hall is Robert A M Stern and the building was completed on 1st June 2009 .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group , The US uses the English language , as does Great Britain .
1 . FC Köln has 50000 members .
Adam Koc received the Legion of Honour award .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government , which has jurisdiction over the Flemish Region .
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music , in which the sounds are derived from drum and bass .
Ace Wilder performs hip hop music , which has its stylistic origins in funk and disco music . Hip hop has a sub genre called gangsta rap .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France , Paris , New York or Hong Kong .
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer , which was published in hardcover and has the OCLC number 49805501 .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , was the Governor of Connecticut , his spouse was Casey Ribicoff , who was born in Chicago .
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alum Alfred Moore Scales was a Democratic Governor of North Carolina . He was born in Reidsville , North Carolina and succeeded by James , W . Reid .
The owner of Andrews County airport is Andrews County , Texas where the largest city is Andrews .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was designed by architect Alfred Giles , who was born in England .
Ab Klink , who was employed at the Ministry of Health , Welfare and Sport in the Netherlands , studied at Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
Abilene Regional Airport runway name is 17L / 35R .
Akeem Ayers ' former team was the Los Angeles Rams who play in their home city at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Connecticut was the birthplace of Alfred N Phillips and he was the Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut . He was a member of the US Army which was involved in battles in the Spanish - American War .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President . Juan Peron belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina and served in office at the same time that Hortensio Quijano was Governor .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States , where there are many Asian Americans . The book is published in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Christian Panucci is the manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio and has played for Chelsea FC .
Bionico is a food originates from Guadalajara , Mexico . The dish contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
Adisham Hall was constructed in the Tudor Revival style between 1927 and 1931 in Haputale , Sri Lanka .
Aaron Turner is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band and played for Old Man Gloom too . He performs black metal and started his performance in 1995 .
Populous were architects that designed the 3Arena that is in North Wall , Dublin .
John van den Brom plays for De Graafschap and manages AZ Alkmaar .
Dane Whitman , a . k . a . Black Knight , was created by John Buscema in the comics genre .
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula and is from Indonesia and Malaysia .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War , part of which was the Battle of Fredericksburg , in which Aaron S Daggett fought .
Cornell University , of Ithaca , New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . The University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and also with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities .
Conservative Party member Adam Holloway was born in Faversham in the UK and went to Magdalene College Cambridge .
The Polish Academy of Sciences , headquartered in Warsaw , is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica .
N . R . Pogson ( born in Nottingham ) discovered 107 Camilla on 17 November 1868 .
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia is on 31 July 2016 .
One variation of Amatriciana sauce uses garlic as part of its dish .
The United States , which has the capital city of Washington DC , is the location of Texas . The English language is spoken in Texas which is the location of Abilene ad has the largest city of Houston .
Test pilot Alan Bean was born March 15th , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas and in 1963 was picked by NASA to join the space program .
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish Ayam Penyet which is from the Singapore region and the country Java where the Javanese are one of the ethnic groups .
Al Anderson of NRBQ plays country music and the guitar .
Bacon is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion .
The city of Alexandria is in Indiana U . S . and the state capital is Indianapolis .
Anders Osborne ' s genre is Blues and record label is Alligator Records .
The United States Air Force , who are the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and in the 1986 US bombing of Libya and deploy the Lockheed AC 130 attack aircraft .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is considered a mid - size luxury executive car and is also known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " . The bodystyle of the Alfa Romeo 164 is Sedan and it has a straight four engine .
The ISBN number of Above the Veil is 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
101 Helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms , an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 days and its epoch date was on 2006 - 12 - 31 . Its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km / s .
Romania is led by the Prime Minister ; its ethnic group are Germans of Romania and its university is called the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul , and the capital city is Ankara . The country is led by Ahmet Davutoglu and is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated in Izmir on 27 July 1932 .
From the Derbyshire Dales region , Bakewell pudding was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell . The main ingredients in this dessert are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs . It can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold .
The Polish Academy of Sciences is the publisher of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) . The ISSN number for the journal is 0567 - 7920 , the LCCN number 60040714 and the CODEN code is APGPAC .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Ajoblanco , which contains olive oil , originates from Spain .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Civil War ; where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township . Alpena County , Michigan and it is 210 metres above sea level .
Agra Airport is in India where the leader is Narendra Modi .
Aaron Hunt played for the Goslarer SC 08 youth team but he currently plays for SV Werder Bremen and his club is the Germany national under - 21 football team .
Pianist Aaron Deer is an indie rock musician . Indie rock has its origins in New wave and garage rock .
Atlantic City is located in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Washington DC is the capital of the United States .
11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres . It has an epoch date of 26th November 2005 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907 - 07 - 11 ) at the Monocacy National Battlefield is categorised as a Historic district in the United States , and was provided by the National Park Service .
Deram Records produce Pop music .
NRBQ ' s rock guitarist is Al Anderson . Rock originates from the Blues and lends itself to Bhangra fusion .
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the Kashubian language is spoken .
Massimo Drago played for the club SSD Potenza Calcio .
One of Aaron S . Daggett ' s battles was the Battle of the Wilderness .
Orange County in California is part of the Greater Los Angeles area .
England born Alfred Garth Jones , died in Sidcup .
Alan Shepard who was born on the 18th of November 1923 in New Hampshire graduated with an M . A . at NWC in 1957 . Mr Shepard died in California .
Marriott International , tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , was founded in Washington , D . C .
Amarillo , Texas covers an area of 233 . 9 sq km and has a population density of 746 people per square kilometre .
Adare Manor , designed by architect George Richard Pain , was completed in Adare , County Limerick , in 1862 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is produced in print which is 320 pages long .
The parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer .
Adam McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets based in the city of Columbus in Ohio . He also plays for the Boston based Boston Bruins where Don Sweeney is the general manager .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ( established in 2000 ) stands in the state of Pennsylvania , and is categorised as a contributing property .
66063 1998 RO1 was previously named 1999 SN5 . Its orbital period is 360 . 29 days , periapsis is 41498400000 , escape velocity is 0 . 0999 km / s , and its epoch is on 2013 - 11 - 04 .
Elliot See has died in St Louis . He was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927 . After attending the University of Texas at Austin he became a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1962 .
Frank Borman was the Apollo 8 commander .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is served in the region of Indonesia and is a popular dish in Singapore .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s successor was Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office while Atiku Abubaker was Vice President .
The ELA - 3 , operated by Arianespace , is located at the Guiana Space Centre , headquartered in Kourou , French Guiana . It launched the Ariane 5 .
Allen Forrest was born in the year 1981 in Fort Campbell , KY and was raised in Dothan , AL . He was originally a solo singer and performs acoustic music .
The Lock Heed AC - 130 is an attack aircraft of the United states Air force that have been in battles at Genada , bombed Libya in 1986 and operates Al Asad airbase .
William M O Dawson was born in Bloomington Maryland and succeeded Albert B White who died in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Atlanta is the birth place of Akeem Dent .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , in Tyrol .
Part of Anderson Township , Indiana is part of the Union Township , Madison County , Indiana , in the United States . Anderson , is led by the U . S . Democratic Party , which is headquartered in Washington , D . C .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo which is part of New York .
Rhythm and blues singer Andra has also featured as a reality TV judge . She was born in born in Campia Turzi .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and was succeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Anahem , California is led by the The United States House of Representatives which can be found in the United States Capitol . The language spoken in California is English .
Auburn is in Pierce County , Washington State , US . Its total area is 77 . 41 sq kms and its population density is 914 . 8 per sq km .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture in Akita , Akita Japan . An ethnic group in that country is Vietnamese .
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority whose leader is Stephen Dilts .
Auburn is part of King County , Washington in the U . S . whose capital is located in Washington , D . C .
Sheldon Moldoff won the Inkpot Award .
Alison O ' Donnell is a musician associated with the Plastik Mak and he performed for the band United Bible Studies .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly affiliated with Association of American Universities and Association of Public and Land grant Universities is in Ithaca , New York .
Appleton , Wisconsin is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in the dish Ayam Penyet which is from Indonesia .
Two leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel and Phillipe . The Antwerp International Airport located in Antwerp , Belgium serves this region .
Batchoy is a food which comes from and is found in La Paz , Iloilo City , in the Philippines . Its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
Albany in Georgia has a population density of 535 people per sq km and has a total area of 44 . 7 sq kms .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece . He held office as the Minister for Health and was succeeded by Makis Voridis .
103 Colmore Row is in Birmingham , England and has 23 floors .
An affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technology University , Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India has 700 postgraduate students .
Alan Shepard served as a Test pilot .
Aenir is a paperback which was written by Garth Nix and has 233 pages .
Italy is the location of the home ground of AS Gubbio 1910 . The country ' s leaders are Sergio Mattarella and Pietro Grasso . The inhabitants are known as Italian and the capital city is Rome .
Avocado is a fruit of the order Laurales .
Al Anderson from NRBQ band started his career in 1966 .
The ISSN number of ACM Transactions on Information Systems is 1558 - 2868 .
Al Anderson , whose genre is rock music , plays the guitar for the band NRBQ .
The former name of 1089 Tama is " A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; " .
The Acura TLX is assembled in Marysville , Ohio has a Honda K engine .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion .
The Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin which is part of Kimberly , Wisconsin .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and is 178 cm tall . His club is FC Karpaty Lviv and plays for the FC Dinamo Batumi .
Barny cakes can be found in France where they speak French . Either François Hollande or Manuel Valls is the leader of France .
Akeem Dent , who debuted with the Atlanta Falcons , was born in Atlanta , Georgia , on the 27th September , 1987 .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , in the United States , a country where the leader is called the President of the United States . Navajo is one of the languages spoken in New Mexico .
Joe Biden is one of the leaders from the United States , where Bacon Explosion comes from .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C . which is managed by Adnan Hamad .
AMC Matadors are made in the USA and 1971 is one model year .
Poaceae is of the Poales order .
Poaceae is the order of Commelinids , it is also the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport , New Zealand .
Daniele Zoratto is coach of the Italy national under 16 football team . That is the team , Alessio Romagnoli , who plays for the club U . C . Sampdoria , used to play for .
Peter Stöger is manager of 1 . FC Köln who were in the 2014 – 15 Bundesliga season and have 50000 members .
Abel Hernández has played for U . S . Città di Palermo and for Peñarol who are managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva .
The Lockheed AC - 130 is an attack aircraft of the United States Air Force .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . He is a retired fighter pilot who served on the NASA operated Apollo 8 . Frank Borman was also a crew member of Apollo 8 and Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot .
The runway length at Afonso Pena International airport is 1800 . 0 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , born in the Kingdom of Sarawak where he lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , kuching . HE was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , which has the architectural style of American Craftsman , is located at Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California .
Alberto Teisaire , born in Mendoza , Agentina , was in office while Juan Peron , a member of the Labour Party in Argentina , was President . Alberto Teisaire worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and Isaac Rojas was his the successor .
Allen Forrest performs rhythm and blues music ( which originated from the blues ) and has Disco as a derivative .
Aberdeen born Graeme Garden starred in the tv series " Bananaman " . The series was shown on the BBC which is based in the broadcasting house in London .
Abraham A . Ribicoff is from the United States .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and fought in the American Civil War when Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
1036 Ganymed has a rotational period of 37116 . 0 and an apoapsis measurement of 611961000 . 0 km .
The engine that powers the AIDAluna is from Caterpillar Inc who are located in Peoria , Illinois and have Douglas R Oberhelman among their key staff .
Bionico , a food found in the region of Jalsico , Mexico , contains condensed milk .
Anders Osborne , an exponent of Rock music , is signed to Shanachie Records . He is also signed to the record label Alligator Records , which is located in Chicago . The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music .
The discoverer of 101 Helena is James Craig Watson . His Alma Mater is the University of Michigan . Mr . Watson died of peritonitis in Madison , Wisconsin .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located at campus In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 in Bangalore , India . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and the affiliation is Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Joe Biden is a United States leader .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Carrarese Calcio .
Dan Horrigan is the leader of Akron where Akron Summit Assault have their ground at St Vincent St Mary High School in Ohio , United States .
AC Cesena are in the Serie B league .
The icebreaker , Aleksey Chirikov has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by MTU Friedrichshafen made engines .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC . found in Al Khor and also plays for Al - Merrikh SC . The Kharaitiyat SC is managed by Amar Osim .
Azerbaijan has legislature of National Assembly .
Alison O ' Donnell , whose musical genre is folk rock , was once signed to London based , Deram Records . Alison O ' Donnell ' s record label is Static Caravan Recordings .
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia , in the U . S .
Affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F . C . , Dave Challinor , played for Bury F . C . He is also both a player of Colwyn Bay F . C . club and the manager of AFC Fylde .
Ariane 5 was manufactured by the European Space Agency and launched from the Guiana Space Centre , making its final flight on 18 December 2009 .
Binignit has the main ingredient of sweet potatoes and also includes sago . It is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines .
1634 : The Galileo Affair is written in English , the language spoken in Great Britain , and was followed by 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , the USA . Its runway length is 1873 .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8g protein , 4 . 8g fat and 18g carbohydrates .
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The leader party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid .
The Alan B . Millar Hall was completed on 1st June 2009 .
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines that contains coconut milk .
One of the ethnic groups of South Africa , where the leader is Jacob Zuma , are the Asian South Africans . The capital city is Cape Town and 11 Diagonal Street is located within the country .
Alan Frew was born in 1956 , in Newmarket , Ontario , Canada . He is a solo singer .
Paleobiology is the academic discipline of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol . Pol .
Alfred Moore Scales , of Reidsville , North Carolina , is a United States Democrat , and was the Governor of North Carolina . He was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle .
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 Postgraduate Students , its campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore 560090 and it is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University . The University was established in 2000 and is found in Belgaum , India .
Alex Day was born in Hornchurch , in the London Borough of Havering .
The AIDAluna had its maiden voyage on March 22 , 2009 .
Afonso Pena International Airport in São José dos Pinhais , part of Parana , serves Curitiba and is operated by Infraero .
Aaron Deer plays bass guitar and indie rock music . Indie Rock has its origins in Garage rock and New Wave rock .
Adare Manor was completed in 1862 , and was designed by Lewis Nockalls Cottingham .
Japanese occupation Of British Borneo was the birthplace of Adenan Satem .
Akeem Dent is a linebacker .
Albany , Benton County , Oregon is located within the United States . The capital of the United States is Washington DC and some Native Americans live there .
With a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres , Atlanta , has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre , and the area code , 404 .
The Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School . The School is located in Akron , Ohio , United States which currently has Dan Horrigan as a leader .
The inauguration date of the Alan B . Miller Hall was 2nd October , 2009 .
The musical genre of Allen Forrest is hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in Funk and Disco .
The ISBN number of the book A Fortress of Grey Ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
Akeem Dent ' s first team were the Atlanta Falcons who are owned by Arthur Blank and play in Atlanta .
The UK built Aston Martin V8 and DBS are similar vehicles .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The airport runway is 3360 . 12 in length .
Buzz Aldrin date of retirement was 1971 / 07 / 01 .
Akeem Priestley plays for Jacksonville Dolphins and his club is Harbour View F . C .
The comic book character Arion was created by Paul Kupperberg .
Barny Cakes come from France , where Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls are leaders .
Agnes Ward White died in Parkersburg , West Virginia .
Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico . It is serverd for dessert and comes from the region Jalisco , Mexico .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music with the bodhrán . Jazz style originates from the Blues and has Funk as a derivative . Afrobeat is a fusion genre which contains elements of Jazz and other genres .
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi , who make the Audi A1 . The company Audi was founded by August Horch .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore . " Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music which has its stylistic origins from folk music . The clarinet is associated with jazz . Funk and Afrobeat are derived from Jazz music .
Athens is Greece ' s capital ( led by Alexis Tsipras ) . Greece is the location of A . E . Dimitra Efxeinoupolis .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s current club is A . C . Milan where the chairman is Silvio Berlusconi and the manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic . He has also played for the Italy national under 16 team and represented the club UC Sampdoria .
Published by American Institute of Physics , AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who ' s almaMater is Harvard University and who is the doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham .
Alan Shepard was a member of Apollo 14 , which is operated by NASA . He was awarded the distinguished service medal in the US Navy , which ranks higher than the Dept of Commerce Gold Medal . He died in California , where Dianne Feinstein is a senator .
The address for Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad .
Bananaman first aired on tv screens on the 3rd of October 1983 , and starred Graeme Garden .
Abel Hernández has played for Central Español ( in the Uruguayan Segunda División ) and Penarol ( managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva ) . Hernandez plays for U . S . Città di Palermo .
Switzerland , whose leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann , is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which has Mario Botta as the Dean and where there are 600 students .
Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia , Spain . The leader of Spain is Felipe VI , the spoken language is Spanish , and Spaniards are the ethnic group of the country .
Akron , Ohio is a part of Summit County , Ohio .
The ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 mm long with 12 cylinders , and is built by the American Locomotive Company .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is academically focused on Paleontology .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , a 320 page hardcover has the OCLC number 78771100 and ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
The ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 Asteroids maximum temperature is 500 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
Americans live in the U . S , where the capital is Washington , D . C . Also in the U . S . is Akron , in Summit County , in Ohio .
Antioch in California has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres and a population of 102 , 372 . The postal codes for Antioch are 94509 and 94531 , the UTC offset is - 8 and the area code is 925 .
The currency of the Republic of Ireland is the euro .
Poaceae , which is the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport , belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order poales and the class Monocotyledon .
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion , Paraguay on March 5 , 1913 . His musical genre was Guarania and he had a background in solo singing .
Marv Wolfman created the comic book character Auron aka Lambien .
With a runway surface made of Asphalt and Concrete , Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor . Egg Harbor Township is a township in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Adisham Hall , Haputale , Sri Lanka , was completed in 1931 and has an architecture style of Tudor and Jacobean .
Synthpop is influenced by Pop , New Wave and House Music , it is also the genre of Alex Day .
Olive oil is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač began her career in 1990 and is associated with artists Bebi Dol and Kristina Kovac .
Christian Panucci played for the Italy national football team .
Birmingham Council is led by the Labour Party ( UK ) .
August Horch founded Audi who manufactured the Audi A1 . The Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary and it also has a division known as Audi e - tron .
The area of water within Arlington Texas is 82 . 8 sq km .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Austin , Texas is located .
Donal O ' Ceallaigh discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 SB which has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 . It has an orbital period of 7729430000 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 .
The American Institute of Physics publishes AIP Advances .
Akeem Priestley plays for Harbour View Fc and Antigua GFC .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas which is part of Community of Madrid and is Spain .
The Delta II ( from the United States ) was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and is comparable to the Antares rocket .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students .
The journal Addiction ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the LCCN number 93645978 .
11 Diagonal Street which has 20 floors is owned by Redefine Properties .
Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes .
Meyer Werft was the builder of the AIDAluna , which is owned by AIDA Cruises .
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and his careere began in 2009 . His musical genre is trance music and he is associated with Christian Burns and Bobina .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is 192000 . 0 millimetres long and has a ship beam which measures 24 . 4 .
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N . Phillips , who was Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut . Alfred N . Phillips , was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was succeeded Alfred N . Phillips .
Barny cakes come from France , where Francis Hollande and Claude Bartolone are leaders and the language spoken is French .
12L / 30R is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the American Civil War , the war in which Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
109 Felicitas epoch date is December 31 , 2006 . It has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 , a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 km .
Turkey ' s leader is the President of Turkey .
Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band , Isis and his music is Post - metal , he used to play with the band Twillight .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendriso , Switzerland has 600 students and Mario Botta is its dean . The leader of the country is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leader , the capital is Washington D . C . , and white Americans make up an ethnic group .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , part of Ellington , Wisconsin , and serves the city of Appleton which is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Albert B . White started his career on March 4 , 1901 .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the instrument called the bodhran and performs folk music .
Celery is from the genus apium .
Alan Shepard was born in the American state of New Hampshire .
Julia Morgan was the architect of the landmark Hearst Castle .
Juventus F . C . are former champions of Serie A . A . C . Chievo Verona is in that league now and play in Verona .
The 11th Mississippi Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and it is categorized as a Contributing Property . Adams County has Cumberland County ( Pa ) to its north ; Maryland ' s Frederick County to its north east and Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast .
The Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader of Manchester ( England ) , which is the birth place of Alfred Garth Jones , who died in Sidcup .
To the west Karnataka borders on the Arabian Sea .
Alan Martin ' s former football clubs include Accrington Stanley FC and Hamilton Academical FC who play in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire .
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall is Robert A M Stern .
Adam Holloway was in the Grenadier Guards in the military and fought in the Gulf War , when John Major was a commander . Adam Holloway is from the United Kingdom whose capital is London .
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County , Georgia , United States .
Akeem Ayers who made his debut for the Tennessee Titans played previously for the Los Angeles Rams who play their home matches at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico .
Located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola International Airport is 159 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 4000ft .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in , Labour Party led , Manchester , England and died in London .
Among the cities in Texas , where Spanish is spoken , are Arlington , Houston , which is the largest city , and then Austin which is the capital .
The construction of Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey where the largest city is Newark .
Matteo Renzi is a leader from Italy where Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
Born on January 1st 1989 , the footballer Alan Martin played for Hamilton Academicals FC and Accrington Stanley FC .
Chopped Fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico .
The average speed of ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 , is 37 . 16 km / s .
Hip hop music has its origins in Disco .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , U . S . is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and is an exponent of Doom metal .
Albennie Jones performs Rhythm and Blues , which helped create Disco , and she ' s worked with Sammy Price .
Texas has the capital Austin , the largest city Houston and is the location of Arlington .
Abilene Texas is 524m above sea level .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where there is an ethnic group called the African Americans . A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , which is the language of Great Britain .
Paraguay is where the Spanish language is spoken .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland on September 2 , 1856 .
Originating from the Karnataka region in India , Bhajji ( also known as Bhali or bajji ) , has vegetables as a main ingredient .
The city of Alexandria is in Indiana USA and is part of Monroe township in Madison county .
Adirondack Regional airport serves the cities of both Lake Placid and Saranac Lake ( Harrietstown ) New York , United States .
The United states includes the native americans among its ethnic groups and is the birthplace of Abraham A Ribicoff who married Ruth .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra . Malays are an ethnic group there .
Poaceae , of the Commelinids order , belongs to the division of flowering plants and its the surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport .
Paulo Souza plays for Inter Milan , Maccabi Tel Aviv F . C . and the Portuguese national football team . In addition , he also manages ACF Fiorentina .
AI Anderson from the band NRBQ plays the guitar .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow .
A variation of pakora can be achieved by adding paneer , pakora is related to bhajji .
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine from the Antioquia Department region and contains lemon as an ingredient .
The leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain .
William Anders was a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew .
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) was sold to Argentina on October 15 , 1968 .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States where English is spoken . The people of the country are known as Americans and one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans .
Anaheim , California is in the U . S .
Admin . Sci . Q is the abbreviation for the Administrative Science Quarterly which is published by SAGE Publications . The ISSN number is 0001 - 8392 and the LCCN number is 57059226 .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who also played football at Drogheda United FC .
Alfred Garth Jones was born i Manchester , England , in 1972 and he died in Sidcup .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government . It is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1510 . 0 .
The A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and weighs 1850 tonnes . It was completed on April 6th 2005 .
The Alhambra is owned by P & O .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is from Argentina .
The celestial body known as ( 15788 ) 1993 SB has a periapsis of 3997100000000 .
9312 people voted for Adam Holloway .
Aleksander Barkov Jr ' s draft team is the Florida Panthers which is managed by Dale Tallon .
N . R . Pogson was an English national , born in Nottingham and died in Chennai . He discovered 107 Camilla , whose epoch date was on 3 December 2006 .
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1 . FC Köln and plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling . He is affiliated with SC Wiener Neustadt club and previously played for the club LASK Linz .
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires which is led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta .
Ann Arbor in Michigan , which is led by the City Administrator , has a population density of 1580 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 74 . 33 sq km .
Aaron S Daggett , who was born in Greene Maine and died in West Roxbury , fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart .
The bacon explosion comes from the United States and has the main ingredients of bacon and sausage .
The maximum temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , is 500 . 0 kelvins .
1099 Figneria has a temperature of 156 . 0 kelvins and its apoapsis is 605718000 . 0 kilometres .
Attica , Indiana is located in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop . The genre that is a form of pop music and is derived from New wave music .
Jeff Fisher is the coach of the St Louis Rams .
Arabic is the official language of Iraq .
A . F . C . Blackpool has 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanics .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The ICAO Location Identifier of the airport is VIAG .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio 44114 .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the capital city is Washington DC . The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the US and is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain .
The Ilocano people are an ethnic group found in the Philippines where Philippine English is the spoken language . The dish Batchoy comes from the country .
Akron , Summit County , Ohio is located within the United States , whose capital is Washington D . C . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres , and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
Akeem Adams played for W Connection F . C .
English is the language of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal was published . It was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
The largest city in Linn County , Oregon , is Albany .
Airey Neave , was involved in the Battle of France , won the Territorial Decoration award and ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
Attica of Fountain County Indiana , where Indianapolis is the capital , is in the U . S .
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA is abbreviated to A . C . Lumezzane .
The Ariane 5 , made by ESA and Arianespace , last flight was on Dec . 18 , 2009 from the Guiana Space Centre .
in the higher rank of Department of Commerce Gold Medal Alan Shepard got one of the Distinguished Service Medal of United States Navy .
The natives of Finland are known as Finns .
American fighter pilot Buzz Aldrin , who was born January 20 1930 in Glen Ridge , NJ , graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Baked Alaska is an American dish made with ice cream .
Albuquerque in New Mexico , United States , is led by the Mayor of Albuquerque . Barack Obama is the leader of the United States and some other African Americans live there too .
A . D . Isidro Metapán has 10000 members .
The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine , the company is located in Peoria , Illinois . The foundation place of Caterpillar Inc . was California and a key person with the company is , Douglas R . Oberhelman .
Albuquerque in New Mexico is located in the United States where the English language is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
George H . W . Bush was a commander in the Gulf War .
Arros negre comes from the Valencia Province of Spain , where Ximo Puig is the region ' s leader . The country ' s main ethnic group is the Spaniards and it is led by King Felipe VI .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is the Uruguay National football team and he also plays for US Citta di Palermo .
Akeem Priestley plays football for Harbour View FC and Antigua GFC .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Ahmedabad , India .
Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and popular in Indonesia too . The country ' s leader is Tony Tan and the spoken language is English there .
Albany is a city in Linn County , Oregon within the United States .
Black metal electric guitarist Aaron Turner has performed with Sumac and Old Man Gloom . Death metal is a fusion of black metal .
Adam Holloway won 9312 votes .
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 08 / 26 .
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington , D . C . , United States and his music genre is Rhythm and Blues . Rhythm and blues originated from blues music , and Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
Sergey Belyavsky discovered 1001 Gaussia - formerly called A911 MD - whose epoch date was on 30 July 2016 . It has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days and its periapsis is 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
N R Pogson , born in Nottingham , discovered 107 Camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Binignit is a dessert which contains sweet potato . Sandesh ( confectionery ) is also a dessert .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Washington , D . C . is the capital . Located in the U . S . , is Akron , in Summit County , Ohio .
Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument . The monument is categorised as a historic district in the US .
Elliot See , who was born in Dallas , Texas , performed as a test pilot .
Andrew Rayel a trance music artist born in Chisinau , Moldova , who started his career in 2009 and is associated with the musician Jwaydan Moline and Jonathan Mendelsohn .
Ahmet Ertegun performs rock and roll music .
Acura is a division of Honda , the company who make the Acura TLX . The vehicle is related to the Honda Accord and has a Honda J engine .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 11 / 18 / 1923 and was selected by NASA in 1959 .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . Samaras was himself in office under Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis .
Marriott International is located in Bethesda Maryland .
Airey Neave , who fought in the Battle of France , later had a career which began on March 4th 1974 and ended on 30th March 1979 . He died in Westminster Hospital , London .
Alvah Sabin , who retired on 3rd March 1857 , was a member of US Whig Party of which Henry Clay was the leader .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is 672 pages , available in print and authored by J . V . Jones .
The operating organisation of Al Asad airbase in Iraq is the United States Air Force . The runway length is 3993 . 88 and has the name 08 / 26 .
Aleksandra Kovač is part of the band K2 ( Kovac sisters duo , where Kornelije Kovač is also a member . She is a performer of pop music in which Disco Music is one of its fusion genre .
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar .
A . S . Livorno Calcio played in season 2014 .
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen . The tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC .
Doug Moench won the Eagle Award ( comics ) .
Julius Springer is the founder of Springer Science and Business Media .
Alpena County Regional Airport , which serves the city of Alpena , is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan in the U . S . A . It ' s runway is 2 , 744 metres long and the facility is 210 metres above sea level .
Netherlands national Agnes Kant , worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands and is a member of Netherlands Socialist Party whose leader is Emile Roemer .
Alex Day , whose music career began in 2006 , performs Synthpop music and plays with the band Chameleon Circuit . He has previously worked with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell .
Cornell University , which is in Ithaca , New York and affiliated with the Association of American Universities , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson from the United States .
1097 Vicia , with the epoch date December 31st 2006 , has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 .
AFC Blackpool Mechanics ground has a capacity of 1500 . In the season 2014 - 2015 Blackpool played in the North West Counties Football League and the club ' s full name is Association Football Club Blackpool .
Albert B White , who was the husband of Agnes Ward White , was born in Cleveland . His career stretched from 4 March 1901 to 4 March 1905 and his successor was William M O Dawson .
With an elevation of 610 metres above sea level , Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama ( part of the Madrid community ) , In Spain .
Solo singer , Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm , on 23rd July , 1982 and has the occupation as singer .
Anaheim is found in Orange County , California , United States and is led by the US based United States House of Representatives .
Anders Osborne is a blues artist signed to the Shanachie Records label .
Albany , Georgia has a total area of 144 . 7 SqKm .
Akron , Summit County , Ohio is located in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC , the leader is Barack Obama and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of " Acta Math . Hungar . " and comes under the discipline of Math .
Celery is a member of the genus Apium and is an ingredient of Bakso .
Alberto Teisaire , a member of the Justicialist Party was in office while Juan Peron was president . Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires , where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . To the west of Adams County is Franklin County and to the southwest is Frederick County , Maryland .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge in New Jersey in 1930 . Buzz was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 , where the backup pilot was William Anders . Buzz Aldrin has since retired .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia , England . The capital of England is London and the main religion is The Church of England .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in ( U . S . consumed ) Baked Alaska .
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where Pietro Grasso is leader and the Italian language is spoken .
The Bacon sandwich is a food from the United Kingdom , a country where David Cameron is a leader . Brown sauce is one of its ingredients . The Club sandwich and the BLT are both variants of the bacon sandwich .
Atlantic City , is a part of New Jersey in the U . S . Trenton is the capital of New Jersey .
Marriott International rents the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is in Denmark .
The length of the AIDAluna ship beam is 32 . 2 and the ship is 252000 . 0 millimetres long . AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc and its christening date is 2009 - 04 - 04 .
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 and is available in Hardcover format .
Andrew Rayel plays Trance music . He is associated with Bobina and Jwaydan Moyine , musician .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a denisty of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in the United States where like in Great Britain , English is spoken . Washington DC is the capital of the US and African Americans are an ethnic group .
James Craig Watson discovered 103 Hera and his alma mater was the University of Michigan . He originates from Canada and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense , who are managed by Vica , has 17 , 000 members .
The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque in the U . S .
St Vincent - St Mary High School , Akron , Summit County , Ohio , United States is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
The celestial body known as 11264 Claudiomaccone has an average speed of 18 . 29km / s . Its orbital period is 1513 . 722 days , and it has an apoapsis of , 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB ' s epoch is 6th March 2006 .
C . D . FAS play in the Salvadoran Primera Division .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Albany , Georgia can be found .
Alan Bean was a test pilot .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand , located in Wellington .
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan which has Detroit as its largest city .
Albennie Jones is a solo singer in the rhythm and blues genre .
Condensed milk is an ingredient found in the Mexican food of Bionico .
Ann Arbor , Michigan is part of Washtenaw County .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville ( part of Ellington ) , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton ( part of Grand Chute ) , Wisconsin .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , where Athens in the capital and Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders .
Ace Wilder performs electropop music which has its origins in Disco .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba , Alba Iulia , Romania has the nickname " Uab " . Its rector is Breaz Valer Daniel .
Connecticut was the birthplace of Alfred N Phillips , who was Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 597 . 0 , it is made of Poaceae and is elevated 34 . 0 metres above sea level .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of Parana state . The airport is operated by Infrareo and is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais .
Albert B . White was born 22nd of September , 1856 and died on 3rd of July , 1941 .
The ISBN number of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 . It was written by Eric Flint , has 448 pages and is available in print form .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which has fought in the Korean War . The USAF attack aircrafts are the Lockheed AC - 130 and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States is Asian Americans and Atlanta is in the state of Georgia .
Baduy is an ethnic group of Java which is where Ayam penyet comes from . Ayam penyet contains fried chicken and is a popular dish in Malaysia .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was a national of the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . Abraham A . Ribicoff ' s spouse was Casey Ribicoff , who was born in Chicago . Abraham A . Ribicoff died in the United States .
Addiction ( Journal ) has the CODEN Code ADICE5 and is abbreviated to Addiction .
1089 Tama has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
The UK dish of a bacon sandwich , which has bread as an ingredient , can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
James Craid Watson died from peritonitis .
Albert Uderzo is the creator of the comic character , Asterix , which is also known as Astérix .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Manhattan where Cyrus Vance Jr . is the leader .
The defender Alessio Romagnoli is a member of AS Roma and AC Milan . The latter club are in the Serie A league and managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Alfred Garth Jones comes from the U . K .
3 / 21 is the runway name of Appleton International Airport .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 and is the recipient of 20 awards .
AC Cesena ground is in Cesena and they play in the Serie B league whose champions are Carpi FC 1909 .
Alessio Romagnoli is connected to UC Sampdoria and played for the Italian national under - 19 football team . He is currently with AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic and chaired by Silvio Berlusconi .
The ground of AS Gubbio 1910 , which has 5300 members , is called Stadio Pietro Barbetti .
The manager , of ACF Fiorentina , is Paulo Sousa , who plays for the Portugal national football team .
Angola , Indiana is located in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups are African Americans .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and is signed to the record label of Floating World Records . Alison O ' Donnell was once signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records .
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor . It is one of the clubs Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for , another is the Al - Khor Sports Club .
The Ariane 5 , manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space , was launched at ELA - 3 . Its maiden flight on the 4th of June , 1996 and its its final flight on the 18th of December , 2009 .
Barny cakes come from France where French is the spoken language and the leader is Manuel Valls .
Aaron Turner , a Black metal musician , played for Old Man Gloom and is associated with the group Greymachine .
Gene Colan created Ben Urich .
The European Space Agency manufactured the Ariane 5 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages .
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat .
The successor to Alfons Gorbach is Josef Klaus , whose alma mater is the University of Vienna .
Aaron S . Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War which had Robert E . Lee as one of its commanders .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot and Philippine Spanish is the spoken language .
The dean of Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . The University has a staff of 100 and 600 students .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia .
William Anders from the United States was born in British Hong Kong .
The OCLC number of " A Glastonbury Romance " is 76798317 , and it is available in print .
Arem arem is a food which comes from Indonesia , whose leader is Joko Widodo .
Politician Daniel Martínez is the leader of Montevideo , where Alfredo Zitarrosa died . Montevideo is in Uruguay , the leader of which , is Tabaré Vázquez .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company which is located in the U . S .
101 Helena has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 an orbital period of 1516 . 6700000000003 days and its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Al Anderson , part of the NRBQ band , was born in Windsor , Connecticut .
Alfredo Zitarrosa in Montevideo Uruguay . Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and Tabaré Vázquez are the leaders in Uruguay where the national anthem is called the National Anthem of Uruguay .
The ship AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises . It was built by Meyer Werft who are located in Papenburg .
Alan Frew from the group ' Glass Tiger ' originally came from Newmarket , Ontario . He was known as a solo singer .
Japanese Occupation of British Borneo is the birth place of Adenan Satem .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . The country ' s population includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is led by the President . The language spoken in both the US and Great Britain is English .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is within the United States .
United States Democratic Party member and Stamford , Connecticut Mayor Alfred N . Phillips was born in Stamford . He was succeeded by Albert E . Austin .
Netherlands national Agnes Kant is a member of the Netherlands House of Representatives , which includes Khadija Arib as a leader .
Albennie Jones year of birth was 1914 .
Synthpop is derived from New wave music and is a form of house music . Alex Day , whose background is that of a solo singer , uses the Synthpop genre .
The Atlas II was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of A . S . Roma and is in the Italy national under 16 ' s football team . His current club is AC Milan which is chaired by Silvio Berlusconi and managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Abner ' s current football club is Real Madrid Castilla .
Walter Baade , who had a doctoral student named Halton Arp , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He was born in Preubisch Oldendorf , graduated from the University of Gottingen and later died in West Germany .
Aleksandra Kovač is part of the K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) , in the musical genre Pop , of which Disco music is a fusion genre of .
James Craig Watson , a Canadian , was the discoverer of 103 Hera . His alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died from peritonitis .
The leader of the United States was Barack Obama .
Built in 1904 and located in Manhattan , the Asser Levy Public Baths have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture . On 1980 - 04 - 23 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places under the reference number 80002709 .
The Allama Iqbal International Airport ' s runway name is " 18L / 36R " .
Al Anderson , part of the band NRBQ , was born in Windsor , Connecticut , United States .
AIDAstella is a " Sphinx - class " cruise ship 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
The Malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia where Asam pedas is a local food , .
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by Albuquerque City Council , the boss of which is Richard J Berry . Albuquerque is located in the United States , where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov .
AIP Advances was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson who is a United States national and studied at Harvard University .
107 Camilla had an epoch date on 31 December 2006 and was discovered by M . Gaffey . Its apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 and its periapsis is 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
AIDAstella is a " Sphinx - class " cruise ship and is 253260 . 0 mms in length .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Pennsylvania .
Buzz Aldrin , who is now retired , was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 11 .
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark which has a tenant called the Marriott International . Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International .
The binignit dish can be found in the Philippines .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan on August 11th 1986 . His club is Wichita Thunder .
Adam McQuaid , who is 1 . 9558 m tall , was born on Prince Edward Island , in 1986 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and went to school at NWC , graduating with an MA in 1957 . He was awarded the US Navy Distinguished Service Medal . He retired on 1 August 1974 and died in California .
Aleksandra Kovac was born in 1972 , in Belgrade . A solo singer , Aleksandra Kovač ' s genre of music is Funk .
The Premier Development League has K - W United F . C . , ( who have been champions ) and Akron Summit among its competing teams .
Madeleine L ' Engle , author of A Severed Wasp , was influenced by George MacDonald .
A Glastonbury Romance has the ISBN number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Barrow A . F . C . are the National League North Champions and A . F . C . Fylde play in the same league .
Adam Holloway , a member of parliament , won 9312 votes .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C .
Alfons Gorbach , who was born in the state of Tyrol , was in office while Adolf Scharf was President .
Aleksandr Chumakov who plays for the Soviet Union national football team and whose club is FC Torpedo Moscow managed by Valery Petrakov , died in Russia , a country led by Serkey Naryshkin .
Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle .
250 Delaware Avenue cost 110 million dollars , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 . It ' s start date was January 2014 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . and has the ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . It is published in hardcover and has 512 pages .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who plays for FC Rubin Kazan , played for FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team . FC Spartak Moscow ' s grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena .
A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback .
The celestial body , ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 , has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 km and its epoch date is 14 July 2004 .
Jazz music has its origins in folk music and Alison O Donnell is a jazz musician . Both Funk and Afrobeat derive from jazz and the clarinet is a popular jazz instrument .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors . It was designed by the architects 3XN and is currently tenanted by Marriott International .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV which is a member of the Bundesliga . Aaron Hunt also plays for the club SV Werder Bremen II which is managed by , Alexander Nouri .
Alison O ' Donnell was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and a musician for the band United Bible Studies . She also played folk music of Ireland .
Stellendam born Ab Klink , who is a member of the House of Representatives , studied at Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Angola is part of Steuben County , Indiana , United States . English is spoken in the US , where you will find an ethnic group called Native Americans .
Alan Bean was an American astronaut who NASA picked in 1963 to fly with Apollo 12 .
Massimo Drago manages A . C . Cesena and is attached to the club Delfino Pescara 1936 .
1971 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which was assembled in Australia and is related to the AMC Ambassador .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , can be located by it ' s ISBN number " 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 " .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
1461102 is the OCLC number for Administrative Science Quarterly .
Alan B Miller Hall , tenant of The Mason School of Business , is located at 101 Ukrop Way in the United States .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India .
The American submarine NR - 1 was launched on The 25th of January 1969 and it has a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
Cornell University , with president Elizabeth Garrett , is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly .
The bodystyle of the Alfa Romeo 164 is Sedan .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County ( Georgia ) , the largest city of which , is Atlanta . This is in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups , is African Americans .
Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow , where Aleksandr Prudnikov played as a youth . He now plays for FC Terek Grozny .
Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County and east of Franklin County , Pennsylvania . Carroll County , Maryland is to the southeast . It is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument .
Condiments are an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
The leader of Canada is Elizabeth II .
The character of Baymax appeared in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter . He was created by Steven T Seagle and the American , Duncan Rouleau .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Punjab , Pakistan . The countr is led by Sardar Ayaz Sadiq .
Daniel Gould Fowle is the successor to Alfred Moore Scales , who was Governor of North Carolina and a member of the Democratic Party in the United States .
A Fortress of Grey Ice originates from the United States , and is written in English , also spoken in Great Britain . The US includes many African Americans , and its leader is Barack Obama .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S .
Turkey , where the official title of the leader is President , is the location of the Ataturk Monument . The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain , whose wife is Queen Sofia .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC whose home ground is Al Kharaitiyat SC . He also plays for the Iraq national under 23 football team .
Robert Gates is the chancellor of the College of William & Mary .
Addis Adaba City Hall was completed in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
Strawberries can be added to barny cakes .
Owned by the Flemish Region , Antwerp International Airport ' s operation organization is Flemish department of mobility and public works .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , which is in Arapiraca .
The Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland , where English and Irish are the main languages spoken by the Irish inhabitants . The currency of the Republic of Ireland is the euro .
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan but Lansing is the capital and Ann Arbor is a notable city .
the manager of AZ Alkmaar is john van den Brom .
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco ( Ajo blanco ) , which is from Andalusia , Spain .
Albany , Georgia , is within the United States .
Elliot See was born in Dallas , was a test pilot and is dead . He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference .
The Abarth 1000GT Coupe is a coupe with a straight four engine .
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama , United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group . Opelika is the county seat of Lee County , Alabama .
The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef . It is a type of soup and is eaten in the Philippines .
The National Park Service has responsibility for the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument .
The firm HOK were the architects of 200 Public Square , which is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohia , United States .
The American submarine , NR - 1 , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
Diane Feinstein represents the state of California , where one can find the gemstone Beintoite , as a senator . Alan Shepard recently died there . He was the recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal of the US Navy , an award higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal , .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where the title of the leader is the President and where there are many Asian Americans .
The ship AIDAluna was built by Meyer Werft .
Albert B . White , who was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson , was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . He was married to Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta , Ohio .
Above the Veil has the OCLC number 46451790 and was written by Garth Nix .
The United States House of Representatives , which is in the U . S . Capitol , leads Anaheim , California where English is spoken .
Acoustic artist Alex Day , born in the London Borough of Havering . He began his career in 2006 and is associated with artists Charlie McDonnell and the Chameleon Circuit .
James Craig Watson has his origins in Canada .
A . C . Cesena , whose ground is located in Italy , are in the Serie B league .
Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana is situated within the United States .
Baked Alaska , which contains meringue , is a dish found in the region of New York in the U . S .
Abel Caballero , Mayor of Vigo , was born in Galicia , Spain .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg ) has a code of AMHAAJ and a LCCN number of 32024459 .
Aaron Bertram plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and performs ska punk music which has its origins in Ska .
The Alhambra was launched on 31 May 1855 and has an 8 . 3m ship beam , a top speed of 18 . 52 and is 63800 . 0 mms long .
The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Antioch , California .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the President , and its capital city is Washington D . C . Asian Americans is one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , is preceded The Grantville Gazettes .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style , a wheelbase of 2160 . 0 millimetres , and it rolled off the production line in 1958 .
Angola International Airport , located in Ícolo e Bengo , is 159 metres above the sea level .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in battles such as the Battle of Fredericksburg , part of the American Civil war .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s previous clubs have included Sanat Mes Kerman FC and the Qatar Stars League side Al Kharaitiyat SC . Al Khor is the home ground of Kharaitiyat SC and the manager there is Amar Osim .
Stellendam born Ab Klink went to Erasmus University Rotterdam , worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands and is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic and is associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey on January 20 , 1930 . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 , that was operated by NASA .
Moscow born Aleksandr Chumakov has played for FC Torpedo Moscow and currently plays for the Soviet Union national football team .
3Arena at North Wall Quay is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Amsterdam airport , Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam , the leader of which is Eberhard van der Laan .
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . Turkmenistan Airlines operates Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway that is 900 meters long .
Antwerp is served by Antwerp International airport and is a popular tourist destination in Belgium where the leader is Charles Michel .
Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are both leaders in Belgium where German is an official language . The city of Antwerp , a popular tourist destination , is served by Antwerp International airport .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Alpena County , Michigan in the United States . It has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
The Bavarian Crisis of 1634 , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , occurred after Grantville Gazette III .
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which stylistically , originated from folk music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Anderson is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union and Fall Creek Township , which are located in Madison County , Indiana .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , of which the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Jacob Zuma .
Located in the United States is 300 North LaSelle , a part of the DuPage Country in Illinois .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , located in Asherton , Texas , has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Indonesia ' s currency is the Indonesian rupiah .
The capital of the state of New Jersey in the U . S . is Trenton . Atlantic City is also part of that state .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Korean War . The Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers such as the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III .
St Louis Rams is the former team of Akeem Ayers who was born on 10th July 1989 , made his debut with the Tennessee Titans and was number 39 in the draft pick .
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which is made in China .
The location of Amdavad ni Gufa is Ahmedabad .
The United States includes the ethnic group of Native Americans and is the location of Albany , part of Dougherty County in Georgia , .
Architect John Madin ( born in Birmingham ) designed 103 Colmore Row in 1976 ( located at Colmore Row and boasts 23 floors ) .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and Denmark ' s religion is the Church of Denmark .
Funk and Disco are derivatives of Rhythm and Blues , which is Allen Forrest ' s genre of music .
The alma mater of Adam Holloway was Magdalene College Cambridge .
A Glastonbury Romance has 1174 pages can be found in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 .
Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh .
10 Hygiea has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 km per secs .
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere Italy and operated by AIDA Cruises . Carnival Corporation & plc . are the parent co . of Costa crociere .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) plays for Blackburn Rovers F . C .
Albert B . White finished his career on March 4th 1905 .
Alex Day performs Synthpop music whose origins come from pop music . Synthpop comes from Disco and is derived from house music .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written after 1634 : The Galileo Affair and comes from the United States . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C . , and Barack Obama is the president .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S . r . l . , is the full name of A . C . Chievo Verona which is in Verona , Italy . AC Chievo Verona competed in the 2014 season and has 39371 members .
The European Space Agency manufactured the Ariane 5 which launched from the Guiana Space Centre .
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC where Thomas Doll is the manager , but he previously played for United Petrotrin FC at their Palo Seco ground .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish that can be served as a dessert and binignit ( which contains coconut milk ) should also be served as a dessert .
Binignit comes from the region Mindanao .
The comic book character Arion ( also known as Ahri ' ahn ) , was created by Paul Kupperberg and Jan Duursema , the latter having won the Eisner Award .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the U . S .
Parti Bumiputera Sarawak member , and Asajaya represntative , Abdul Taib Mahmud , was born , and resides in the Kingdom of Sarawak .
The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who compete in the Superleague Greece . The club has 69618 members .
Andra began her spirited musical career in 2000 . This includes genres of funk , rhythm and blues which derived from blues .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , whowas born in Miri , Malaysia on 21 May 1936 , resides in Kuching . His party was the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented Kota Samarahan .
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the 252 metre long , AIDAluna , which was built by Meyer Werft .
Alternative rock musician Andrew White began his career in 2003 . Alternative rock has its origins in New wave and Punk rock while being an influence on Ne metal .
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members .
Alvah Sabin , who retired on 3rd March 1857 , represented Vermont , where the largest city is Burlington .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both R . S . C . Anderlecht and De Graafschap .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M . A . Alan Shepard was a crew member aboard Apollo 14 and was a test pilot . He passed away in California .
Claude Bartolone is France ' s leader .
Batagor ( from Indonesia ) Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish . An ingredient of Siomay is peanut sauce .
1 Decembrie 1918 University in the state of Alba in Romania , has Universitas Apulensis as its Latin name . Roman ' s leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
" 87000823 " is Asilomar Conference Grounds ' reference number in the National Register of Historic Places .
Akeem Ayers former team is the Los Angeles Rams and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans which are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold . It was created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms , Bakewell . Its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Austin is located in Texas which has Houston as its largest city .
The Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
ALV X - 1 car comes from the U . S . whose anthem is the Star Spangled Banner . Native Americans are considered an ethnic group in the U . S .
The county Binignit comes from is the Philippines .
Abilene Regional Airport in Texas is 546 metres above sea level and its runway length is 1 , 121 .
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell F . C . that is located in Fir Park . Mr . Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F . C . that is managed by Steve Davis .
Buzz Aldrin is a United States National and was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey . He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands .
Alison O ' Donnell , a folk rock genre artist , recorded on the record label , Static Caravan Recordings .
Alan Martin was born Jan 1 , 1989 and is a football player for the Clyde FC club and the Accrington Stanley F . C .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español which plays in the Uruguayan Segunda División . Abel Hernández now plays for Hull City A . F . C . , the manager of which , is Steve Bruce .
The Acura TLX is a mid - size car with a V6 engine and a front - wheel drive . It is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music , which has origins in funk and jazz music . Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music and Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music .
Disco is derived from rhythm and blues which is the musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun . He is originally from Washington DC in the United States where the African americans are an ethnic group .
Adare Manore is located in Adare which is a part of Munster .
Angola International airport is located in Icolo e Bengo , in the Luanda Province .
Rhythm and blues singer Andra is associated with artist Marius Moga . Fink and disco has their origins in R & B , which is influenced by the blues .
Paleobiology is the academic discipine of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) which has the ISSN number 0567 - 7920 .
Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin affiliated to the university of texas system with Gregory L . Fenves as the President . Elliot See died in St . Louis where Francis G Slay is the Mayor .
110 Lydia , with a temperature of 168 . 0 kelvins , has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The BLT is variation of both the club sandwich and bacon sandwich . It is from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader .
Above the Veil is from the country of Australia .
Buzz Aldrin was awarded the Legion of Merit ribbon .
Alhambra has its maiden voyage on July 7th , 1855 and was 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
Abilene in Texas has a population density of 429 . 9 people for each of its 286 . 5 square kilometres . The area code for Abilene is 325 and the town lies 524 above sea level .
Abel Caballero was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister whose predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis .
Stuart Parker is the manager at AFC Blackpool who have their ground in Blackpool which is currently led by Gordon Marsden . He also plays for Blackburn Rovers FC and is attached to Chesterfield FC .
The ISSN number " 0001 - 8392 " is for Administrative Science Quarterly , which abbreviates to Admin . Sci . Q .
Michele Marcolini is at the Torino F . C . club . He has been manager of AC Lumezzane and was previously at FC Bari 1908 .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square km . It ' s orbital period is 5 . 57 days , the escape velocity is 0 . 21 km per sec and the apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School , Akron Ohio , United States .
Casey Ribicoff is Abraham A . Ribcoff ' s wife . Abraham A Ribicoff was born in New Britain , Connecticut , the United States , the country where one of the ethnic groups is , African Americans .
Abilene , Texas is located in the United States , where English is spoken and the capital is Washington D . C .
William Anders was born October 17th 1933 and was a member of the Apollo 8 crew operated by NASA . The backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin . William Anders retired on September 1st 1969 .
M . Gaffey discovered 107 Camilla , which has the epoch 31 December 2006 , and a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian Rupiah and the leader is Joko Widodo .
The bacon sandwich , containing ketchup , is a variation of BLT .
11264 Claudiomaccone ' s orbital period is 1513 . 722 days , and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Former NASA Astronaut Elliot See has died in Saint Louis , The American was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas in Austin before being chosen by NASA in 1962 .
Italian is the language spoken in Italy , a country where Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella are leaders and where Rome is the capital city . Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy .
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard . Finland is led by Sauli Niinisto and the inhabitants are known as Finns , some of which speak the Sami language .
Bandeja paisa , containing Chicharrón , originates from the Paisa region and is part of Colombian cuisine .
A . S . Livorno Calcio , are managed by Christian Panucci , who has played for Chelsea FC .
Al Anderson is a guitarist for NRBQ , a band which performs rock music .
Albert Jennings Fountain , was born in Staten Island , New York City , and died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Rolando Maran has managed AC Chievo Verona and is a member of the Calcio Cantania . He currently plays at the Carrarese Calcio .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region where Halimah Yacob is a leader .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and died in Russia , where Vladimir Putin is the leader .
Abraham A Ribicoff , who was born in New Britain , Connecticut , died in New York City .
American Journal of Mathematics is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press which is based in the United States . It ' s ISSN number is 0002 - 9327 and their parent company is Johns Hopkins University .
AFC Ajax , which has 53502 members , played in the 2014 season .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was an American , where Native Americans are an ethnic group , and was born in Connecticut and was married to Casey Ribicoff .
107 Camilla has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and Awadh . Its runway is 2743 m . long . The leader in Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik .
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont whose biggest city is Burlington . Mr . Sabin died in Sycamore , Illinois .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel . His club is Berliner AK 07 and he is also part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
St . Vincent St . Mary High School is located in Summit County , Ohio , Akron , Ohio , United States . Its leader is Dan Horrigan and it is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km and the temperature is 43 kelvins .
Adam Maher ' s clubs are PSV Einddhoven and AZ Alkmaar .
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina but played for Maccabi Tel Aviv FC . His club is Juventus .
The ALV X - 1 originated in the United States which has Washington DC as its capital and is led by the President . The inhabitants are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans .
Akron , led by the Mayor , is in Summit County , Ohio , in the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Philippines and it contains sweet potato and taro .
Ximo Puig is a leader of the Valencian Community ( Spain ) where Arros negre comes from .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , neighbours the municipality of Meride in Switzerland . The country ' s legislature is the Federal Assembly headed by the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland , Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Atlantic City , part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , is in the United States . The largest city of which , is New York City .
Serving the city of Amsterdam , Amsterdam airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . It has the runway name , 06 / 24 , Kaagbaan , and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Abner W . Sibal , a republcan , worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District and succeded by Donald J . Irwin .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . Pakistan ' s leader is Nawaz Sharif .
Alfred Garth Jones , born in Manchester , died in Sidcup .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music which originated from funk music .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial which is know locally as Turk Sehitleri Anti was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
The Acharya Institute of Technology campus is located in India at In Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . The President is B M Reddy and there are 700 postgraduate students .
The Russian leader ' s name is Sergey Naryshkin .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club .
ALV X - 1 comes from the US where Washington DC is the capital and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The musical genre of the singer Andra is dance pop .
The ALV X - 1 comes from the U . S . where American people are found . An ethnic group in that country are Asian Americans .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for club Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya of Steel Azin F . C .
French is a language spoken in France .
The country of origin of the ALV X - 1 is the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and white Americans are an ethnic group . The people of the United States are known as Americans .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf . The university of Gottingen was where Walter Baade studied and his doctoral student was , Allan Sandage .
103 Colmore Row located on Colmore Row , Birmingham , England , was designed by architect John Madin born in Birmingham .
Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which is what Abradab performs .
The Ampara Hospital is in Ampara , in the Eastern Province , of Sri Lanka . Austin Fernando is one of the leaders of that region . One of Sri Lanka ' s leaders is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Born in the Netherlands , Ab Klink , has the alma mater , the Erasmus University in Rotterdam which , is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
Potter County , Texas is in the US .
Anderson , Indiana is led by the Democratic Party of the US .
Bandeja paisa , containing the ingredient Chicharron , comes from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia .
The celestial body known as ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 was formerly called 1999 SN5 .
Alison O ' Donnell performed for the band United Bible Studies .
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers . It is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and has an 8 . 3m ship beam . It has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type , with a top speed of 18 . 52 .
1957 NWC M . A . graduate Alan Shepard is a recipient of the United States Navy ' s Distinguished Service Medal .
Aaron S . Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg , part of the American Civil War . He was given the Purple Heart . A commander in that war was Robert E . Lee .
Leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu .
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients of the dish ayam penyet , which is from Indonesia . The dish comes from the region of Malaysia , where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
A . C . Chievo Verona ' s playing ground is at Verona and they play in Serie A , where Juventus FC have been champions .
Antioch is located in California , where the Chinese language is sometimes used . The leader of Antioch is the United States House of Representatives , which forms part of the United States Congress .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland , the leader of which , is Sauli Niinisto .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington D . C . African Americans are an ethic group there .
The arrondissement of Antwerp serves the city of Antwerp , where the Antwerp International Airport is located .
The Antares rocket made its first flight on October 28 , 2014 .
Born on 10th July 1989 , Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and later played for the New England Patriots .
The Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups in Malaysia . In this country , the leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and it is where the food Asam pedas ( coming from the Malay Peninsula ) is found .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township which is part of New Jersey in the United States .
AC Lumezzane has 4150 members .
Fried chicken is included in ayam penyet .
Attica , Indiana is part of the United States of America where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
The escape velocity of ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 is 0 . 0999 km / sec .
Albert B White died at Parkersburg , West Virginia .
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects for Adare Manor , located in Adare , County Limerick , which was completed in 1862 .
Almond is one of the members of the Rosales order .
Batagor includes peanut sauce and is a variation of Siomay and Shumai . It is from Joko Widodo led , Indonesia .
Fuad Masum leads Iraq where Al Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah .
The celestial body known as 1101 Clematis has an average speed of 16 . 54 k . p . s .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland and its neighbouring municipality is Meride . Switzerland ' s leader is called Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II .
The Alcharya Institute of Technology in Karanataka , located to the northeast of Telanga , was given Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai . The Alcharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Aaron Turner , formerly o the Greymachine band , plays for Isis .
A food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia is asam pedas . Among the ethnic groups in the country are the Malaysian Chinese . The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang .
Alan Bean was on the crew of Apollo 12 operated by NASA , with Alfred Warren as a backup pilot .
Binignit is a food from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Its main ingredient is banana and it also contains sweet potato . It is served as a dessert .
Appleton International Airport ( serving Appleton ) can be found in Greenville , part of the town of Menasha , in Wisconsin . Appleton is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin .
The leader of Jalisco is Jesús Casillas Romero .
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia and it contains water .
1036 Ganymed has an epoch date of October 22nd 2004 and it ' s orbital period is 274976 . 0 seconds . The periapsis measurement is 18443400000 and the apoapsis is 611961000 . 0 kilometres .
With a CODEN code of AAIDBI and an impact factor of 1 . 524 , AIP Advances is abbreviated to AIP Adv .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico , where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader and Mexicans are the inhabitants .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens .
The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is pop music and she is associated with Kornelije Kovac . Disco is a genre of music that contain elements of other genres such as pop music and therefore can be considered a fusion genre .
Athens born Prime Minister Antonis Samaras was in office along with Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis . Greece born Adonis Georgiadis was in office during Samaras ' leadership . Georgiadis ' successor was Makis Voridis .
Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader of Germany .
New Britain , Connecticut was the birthplace of Abraham A . Ribicoff , who was Anthony J . Celebrezze ' s successor . Abraham A . Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare and died in the United States .
Maya Rudolph , was one of the stars , in the film Big Hero 6 .
Angola , is part of Pleasant Township , in Steuben County , Indiana , in the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Led by a City Administrator , Ann Arbor , Michigan , has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres and a population density of 1580 . 7 per square kilometer .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of Mendrisio .
Auburn is part of the state of Washington in the US which has the capital city of Washington DC .
Abilene Regional Airport of Abilene Texas has a runway named 17L / 35R with a 1 , 121 length and it is 546 above sea level .
The Honda Accord is related to the Acura TLX .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia , Spain . He worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Alpharetta in Georgia has a total area of 55 . 4 sq km and a population density of 992 . 6 inhabitants per sq km .
Ground beef is an ingredient in Basko .
Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana is located within the United States .
Dodge is the manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge which is a related means of transportation to the DeSoto Custom and the Plymouth Plaza .
Ayam penyet , a dish from Singapore , is also found in Java . The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java .
Born in Imst ( in Austria - Hungary ) , Alfons Gorbach died in Graz , in Styria .
Abner W Sibal served in the US Army , who battled in the American Civil War .
The Kerala leader is in Kochi .
Pickard Chilton was the architect of 300 North LaSalle in Illinois which was completed in 2009 with 60 floors .
Flemish Government jurisdiction is Flanders .
Amarillo , Texas is located in the United States ( capital : Washington D . C . ) and African Americans are an ethnic group there .
Audi A1 has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 5 - speed manual transmission . It is assembled by Audi Brussels .
Andra is a singer associated with musician Marius Moga .
The coach of the Los Angeles Rams is Jeff Fisher .
Adenan Satem attended the University of Adelaide and was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo . He was succeeded by Abdul Taib Mahmud who belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Kuching .
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is trance , is associated with the musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns .
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government which has jurisdiction over Flanders .
Verona , Italy is the home to A . C . Chievo Verona , which is in the league , Serie A .
Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province of Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force . The Airbase is 08 / 26 which is 3990 . 0 long , The ICAO Location Identifier of Al Asad Airbase is ORAA .
William Anders , who was born on the 17th of October , 1933 , joined NASA in 1963 and served as a member of the crew of Apollo 8 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes in Spain which is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid .
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Georgia , in the Soviet Socialist Republic .
English is the language used in 1634 : The Ram Rebellion .
In 1962 , William Anders received a M . S . from his alma Mater , AFIT .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada and he weighs 94 . 8024 kg .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was made by Abarth , who were founded in Italy . The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by Gruppo Bertone , which was founded by Giovanni Bertone .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB ' s epoch is 6th March 2006 and it was discovered by Donal O Ceallaigh .
The Indonesian main course arem - arem consists of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Aaron Turner is an artist for the band Isis and is associated with the group Greymachine .
Akeem Adams died in the Hungarian ciry of Budapest .
Mahe , India is northwest of Kerala state where the AWH Engineering College with an academic staff of 250 is situated in the city of Kuttikkattoor .
3180 member club , Association Football Club " AFC " Fylde plays at a ground called The Fylde .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in Rutland Arms , Bakewell , in 1820 . Some of its main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Solo pop singer Andra , who was born in 1986 in Campia Turzil , also works as a reality TV judge .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and he performs avant - garde metal music .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , who was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written in English , the language also spoken in Great Britain .
Al Anderson performs country music with the NRBQ band . He plays the guitar .
A Long Long Way was published in print and paperback . Its ISBN number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 and its OCLC number is 57392246 .
The Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry and manufactured the Alvis Speed 25 which has a straight - six engine .
The ALV X - 1 has 2 rocket stages .
Alvinegro is the nickname for Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense .
Addis Ababa City Hall , which was completed in 1964 with a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 square metres . The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa .
Dave Challinor is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers F . C . , plays for Colwyn Bay F . C . and is manager of AFC Fylde .
The label Floating World Records signed Alison O ' Donnell .
Barny cakes were invented in 1999 .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 meters above sea level . The 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
The top speed pf the A - Rosa Luna is 24 . 0 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s birthplace was Kingdom of Sarawak and date of birth is 1936 - 05 - 21 . Abdul Taib Mahmud ; lives in Sarawak , represented the Asajaya region and his party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Ilocano people and Zamboangans are ethnic groups from the Philippines . One of the languages there is Arabic . Batchoy is a dish that comes from that country .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born September 2 , 1995 in Tampere , Finland . He is a Centre and has played for the Florida Panthers .
Anderson is part of Adams Fall Creek , Lafayette , Richland , Union and Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe , who was Vice President when Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office . Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was Al - Amin Daggash ' s successor .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press who published A Long Long Way . The book was written in Ireland and was followed by The Secret Scripture .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press located in the U . S . The language of the United States is English and one of US ethnic groups is Native Americans .
Spanish born Abel Caballero , belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party and is the Mayor of Vigo .
The Senator representing California was Dianne Feinstein .
Alex Plante , who is 1 . 9304m in height was born in Manitoba and has played for Anyang Halla .
Alison O ' Donnell performs folk music .
Massimo Drago is attached to the club Vigor Lamezia and he has been the manager of A C Cesena .
Walter Baade , who graduated from the University of Gottingen , discovered 1036 Ganymed . He had two doctoral students called Allan Sandage and Halton Arp .
The Dodge manufactured 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation . Sergio Marchionne was the key person of the Dodge and the DeSoto is related to the Dodge Coronet .
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18R / 36L Polderbaan .
The length of the A - Rosa Luna is 125 . 8 metres long .
Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary , which is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall .
HIV is classed as a Retrovirus .
Adonis Georgiadis , born in Greece , was succeeded by Makis Voridis . He was in office during Prime Minister Antonis Samaras ' leadership . Samaras was in office during Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis ' rule .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza is Asuncion Paraguay where he died . The leader of Paraguay is called Juan Afara .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock , who signed for Polydor Records London . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock .
The Americans live in the U . S , the capital is Washington D . C and together with the americans there are the Native Americans who are one of the ethnic groups in the United States Of America . Albany , Oregon is in the U . S and also its part of Benton County in Oregon .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia U . S .
The 1955 Dodge , made by Dodge Co . , is related to the Desoto Custom and the Plymouth Plaza cars . The Plymouth Satellite was the successor to the Plymouth Plaza .
Bionico is a food from Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto and the currency is the Mexican peso .
Gus Poyet ' s club is Real Zaragoza .
Greek born Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and was succeeded by Makis Voridis . Samaras , who had the deputy Evangelos Venizelos , was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 is the launch site of Delta II .
Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense . They have 17000 members and play in 2015 .
The address , 11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where White South Africans are one of the ethnic groups .
President Joe Biden leads the United States which is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
Abel Hernandez , whose club is US Citta di Palermo , was a member of the youth club Penarol and has also played for Central Espanol .
101 Helena has a density of 2 . 0 gram per Cubic centimeters , an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km per sec and its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup in the Central Denmark region .
A T Charlie Johnson , a US national is the alma mater of Stanford University and editor of AIP Advances , published by the American Institute of Physics .
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen was 3XN and the tenant of the hotel is the Marriott International Hotel .
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region in Spain where Carles Puigdemont is the leader .
With a mass of 5 . 7 kgs , 1101 Clematis , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an epoch on 31 December 2006 .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 where William Anders was a backup pilot and the mission was operated by NASA .
The AMC Matador has the alternative name the VAM Classic .
The Atatürk Monument ( inaugurated July 27th , 1932 ) is located in İzmir , Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara .
Located in the United States , the Mason School of Business currently live in the Alan B . Miller Hall , a building which cost 75 million dollars .
The Ariane 5 made its maiden flight on the 11 - 12 - 2002 .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey who has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Centre . The airport can be found at Egg Harbor Township , which is part of New Jersey .
Angola International Airport in Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda is 159 metres above the sea level . it ' s runway is called 05L / 23R and it is 4000 . 0 long .
Barny cakes come from France where the French language is spoken . The leaders of the country are Francois Hollande and Manuel Valls .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where Italians live and where the language spoken is Italian . Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy .
AIDA Cruises of Germany is the owner of AIDAluna , which is powered by Caterpillar Inc ( includes key figure Douglas R . Oberhelman ) .
Buzz Aldrin ' s birth name is Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr .
The floor area of Addis Ababa City Hall is 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
Alison O ' Donnell began performing in 1963 and was signed to the record label Floating World Records . She plays folk music of Ireland and was a member of the bands Flibbertigibbet and Bajik .
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Study of Addiction .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in the United States and died in New York City . He was married to Casey Ribicoff . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Atlantic City International Airport , located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey ( U . S . ) , is 23 . 0 meters above sea level .
The Aston Martin DBS , manufactured by Aston Martin , was succeeded by the Aston Martin Vantage . The DBS is relative to the 5 . 3 liter engine , Aston Martin V8 .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where bacon sandwiches ( a variation of a BLT or club sandwich ) are popular .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and he attended Erasmus University Rotterdam . He worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands and belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party .
In the United States one of the ethnic groups is the Native Americans .
Ab Klink is from the Netherlands , the leader of which is , Mark Rutte . Ab Klink ' s Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team was the Columbus Blue Jackets .
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso , from Chinese cuisine .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed to the Uruguayan record label Orfeo .
Breaz Valer Daniel is rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University , which has the nickname of Uab , and is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Romania .
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second .
The periapsis of 110 Lydia is 377016000000 . 0 and the epoch date is 31 . 12 . 2006 .
An asteroid named 66391 1999 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0 , or initial period of 16244700 , apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometers , and its epoch is the 14th of July , 2004 .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S . , where a leader is Joe Biden and where the African Americans are an ethnic group . The book was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
The AMC Matador is also known as the Rambler Matador .
Ajoblanco , also known as Ajo Blanco comes from the Andalusian region of Spain and its main ingredients are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
Gujarat in India is led by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and is the location of the Amdavad ni Gufa in Ahmedabad . One of the leaders in India is Sumitra Mahajan .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint was published in print and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
Acharya Institute of Technology in India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press which is based in the United States . In addition , African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
Disco derives from rhythm and blues which itself originated from the blues . Rhythm and blues is the musical genre of Ahmet Ertegun from the United States .
Airey Neave fought in World War II , the campaign where South East Asia was a location and Franklin D Roosevelt was a commander .
Ajoblanco has almond as one of its ingredients , which is from the Rosaceae family , and in the division of flowering plants .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a couple last produced in 1958 .
Considered an art form , Zamba , is the genre of Alfredo Zitarrosa , who started as a solo singer and was signed to Odeon Records .
Alan Frew ' s genre is Rock music which stylistic origin is the Blues . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Established in 2001 , the AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India currently has 250 staff . The country ' s largest city is Mumbai and a it ' s most famous river is the Ganges .
Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona is managed by Rolando Maran , who is in the Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D . club .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written in the United States in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where Austin Texas is located . The leader of Austin has the title of the ' City Manager ' .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans .
Adams County lies to the east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County , Pennsylvania . Carroll County in Maryland lies to the southeast and Frederick County , Maryland to the southwest . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was completed in 2000 is located in Adams County and categorised as contributing property .
AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor , Kerala . Kochi is the name of the leader of Kerala .
Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar province Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force , it ' s runway name is " 09L / 27R " and has a length of 3992 . 88 . The location identifier of the airbase is ORAA .
Buzz Aldrin retired on the 7th of January 1971 .
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music as performed by solo performer Alan Frew and originating from folk music .
3Arena is in Dublin which is part of Leinster .
A Glastonbury Romance was published by The Bodley Head .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a Luxury class vehicle .
Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji ( also known as Bhaji and bajji ) which comes from the Karnataka region .
Vermont Secretary of State and 3rd Congressional District representative Alvah Sabin was succeeded by Elihu Royce . Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont .
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson , who originated from Canada , studied at the University of Michigan and died from peritonitis .
The Germans of Romania are the ethnic group of the country which is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannisas and has Bucharest as its capital . 1 Decembrie 1918 University is also in Romania and the country ' s anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române .
Boris Johnson is a leader in London where 20 Fenchurch Street which has 34 floors is located . The Parliament of the UK leads London .
Aenir is available in print .
A Severed Wasp is a book that originates from the United States . The country has the capital city of Washington DC and uses the English language , as spoken in Great Britain . One of the ethnic groups within the country are the Asian Americans .
AE Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground of A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli . They were in the 2014 season .
The language spoken in the United Kingdom is English .
Batagor comes from the country of Indonesia . It is made using fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce and should be served " hot " .
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 , which has a mass of 5 . 6kg , is on 31 December 2006 .
N . R . Pogson , an English national , discovered 107 Camilla .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County and DeKalb County in Georgia .
Located in Punjab , in Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 metres .
Michele Marcolini , who was manager of AC Lumezzane , played football for Torino FC Youths , A . C . Chievo Verona and Atalanta BC .
The United States Air Force has fought in the Korean War .
Ardmore airport in New Zealand has a 3rd runway made of poaceae and is 34 meters above sea level . It has a runway name of 03R / 21L with a length of 597 . 0 .
Led by Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma , South Africa is the location of the address 11 Diagonal Street and has the ethnic group of Asian South African .
The Alfa Romeo 164 which is assembled in Milan is the related transport to the . Lancia Thema .
The musician , Andrew White , is associated with the musical artist , Marry Banilow and plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 , was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . It is available in hardcover and is 448 pages long .
One of the ethnic groups in the United States ( where Atlanta is located ) is Asian Americans .
Sandesh and Binignit are both desserts . Binignit contains sweet potato , which belongs to the Solanales plant order .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet , which can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
The Aston Martin V8 , the Aston Martin DBS , and the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 are related means of transportation . The Aston Martin V8 , which was built at Newport Pagnell , Buckinghamshire , England , United Kingdom , is a convertible featuring an engine volume of 5 . 3 litres .
The bacon sandwich is a variation of a BLT , which contains tomato . The BLT is a variant on the club sandwich . Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK , were Elizabeth II is the head of state .
Peter Stöger is the manager of 1 . FC Koln , his club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling and he is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club .
Disco and Funk are derivatives of rhythm and blues which originated from the blues . Andreea Balan is associated with the singer Andra , whose genre is Rhythm and blues .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , the country where the leader is T S Thakur and the prime minister is Narendra Modi .
Born on 01 - 07 - 1976 , Ahmad Kadhim Assad has played for both Steel Azin FC and Al - Jaish SC ( Syria ) .
1089 Tama , with a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kmps and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where Barack Obama is President , and its capital city is Washington D . C . Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States were they speak English and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S , where Washington D . C . is the capital and the leader is The President . The people of the United States are called Americans and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The national anthem of Romania is Desteapta - te , romane !
Akeem Dent ' s debut team was the Atlanta Falcons .
James Craig Watson is a Canadian national .
Two of the South African ethnic groups are the Coloured people and the White South Africans . The country , which has Cyril Ramaphosa as one of its leaders , is the location of 11 Diagonal Street and has the capital city of Cape Town .
The apoapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is 6603633000 . 0 km and it has an average speed of 4 . 56 km / s .
Dublin is part of the Republic of Ireland .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Esteghlal Ahvaz F C and he plays for Al - Zawra ' a SC who are managed by Basim Qasim .
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days , it ' s epoch date is the 26th of November 2005 .
The leader of Japan is Shinzō Abe .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and was once signed to the record label Fruits de Mer Records .
Manufactured by Lockheed Martin , the Atlas II was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia in the U . S . and has a total area of 144 . 7 sq . km .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War .
Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina and was married to Eva Peron . During his Presidency Alberto Teisaire was in office .
Alberto Teisaire was from Argentina where Spanish is spoken .
Aaron Turner ' s music is Post - metal and he is an artist for the band Isis . he also played for Old Man Gloom .
Bionico ( contains condensed milk ) is found in Mexico and Guadalajara .
Christian Burns is associated with fellow muscian , Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre , is trance music and who is associated with Bobina .
Alan Martin ' s football club is Motherwell FC but he also played for Clyde FC where Barry Ferguson is the manager and whose homeground is the Broadwood Stadium .
Abel Caballero , born in Galicia , Spain , was in office during the reign of King Carlos I of Spain . The King ' s wife is Queen Sofia of Spain .
1036 Ganymed has a rotational period of 37116 . 0 , and an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 kilometres .
Ab Klink , who was born in Netherlands , attended Leiden University .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where there are leaders called Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella . Italy ' s capital is Rome and the language spoken in the country is Italian .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group found in the United States which has the capital city of Washington DC and is the location of Atlanta .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong . and was published in hardcover . It has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
The asteroid 10 Hygiea , with an epoch date of 27th June 2015 , has a rotation period of 198803 . 0 .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 and was selected by NASA in 1963 . He retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
Alvah Sabin ( born in Georgia , Vermont ) was from Vermont and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District . Vermont ' s largest city is Burlington , Vermont .
During the American Civil War conflict Jefferson Davis was a commander and Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville .
The A - Rosa Luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and was completed on 6 April 2005 .
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on July 23 , 1982 . He is a songwriter with a background as a solo singer .
Ann Arbor is in Washtenaw County , Michigan , United States . The largest city in Michigan is Detroit , while the state capital is Lansing .
The mass of 110 Lydia is 6 . 7 kg , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km / s and its epoch date was on 31st December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 142603000 and its apoapsis is 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians , from the United States , is written in English , also spoken in Great Britain . Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
The capital of the United States is Washington D . C .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a Montevideo born solo singer . He is an exponent of Milonga and signed with Odeon Records .
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for or has played for , FC Amkar Perm , FC Terek Grozny and FC Spartak Moscow ' s youth team who play at the Otkrytiye Arena . The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov .
The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government which has jurisdiction in Flanders .
Robert Gates is the chancellor of The College of William and Mary which owns Alan B . Miller Hall .
Albert E . Austin succeeded Alfred N . Phillips who was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives .
The apoapsis for 110 Lydia is 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 kilometres per second .
Connecticut was the birthplace of Alfred N Phillips , who worked at the United States House of Representatives , and was suceeded by , Albert E . Austin .
Walter Baade discovered 1036 Ganymed . He was born in Preubisch Oldendorf and died in Göttingen . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen .
Spain is the birthplace of Albel Caballero who was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain . He was also in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister but Rodolfo Llopis preceded him .
Afonso Pena International Airport is located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . The runway 15 / 33 is 2215 . 0 in length and has an elevation of 911 meters above sea level .
The film , Big Hero 6 , starred Alan Tudyk .
Aaron Bertram was born April 3 , 1981 and started performing in 1998 . A performer of ska punk music , Aaron Bertram is an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation and plays for the Suburban Legends band .
The Atlas II , manufactured by Lockheed Martin , was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , who was born in Connecticut , once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office and was succeded byAnthony J . Celebrezze .
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , Erie County , New York where the leader is Byron Brown .
Bionico is a dessert that requires granola as one of its ingredients . Honey can also be added to it .
Alhambra is owned by the P & O company , which is located in London . The Alhambra is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine and is 63800mm in length .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Maple Ridge Township and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . Its runway is 2744 m long and is 210 m above sea level .
With a population density of 1296 . 65 inhabitants per sq km , Austin ( Texas ) has an area of 703 . 95 square kilometres , and a land area measures 686 . 0 square kilometers .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York . He died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War , the war where Joseph Stalin was a commander .
John Madin was born in Birmingham .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio in the United States where also asian americans can be found .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level in San Sebastian de los Reyes , part of the Community of Madrid in Spain . It has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Bakewell pudding has ground almond , jam , butter and eggs as main ingredients .
The final flight of Atlas II took place on the 5th December 2002 .
10 Hygiea has an escape velocity of 0 . 21 kilometres per second .
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg .
Appleton International airport serves the city of Appleton in Greenville , Wisconsin . Both Ellington and Menasha ( town ) are parts of Greenville .
Amsterdam - Noord is part of Amsterdam where the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland , United States .
Akeem Adams , who played for W Connection F . C . , plays for Ferencvarosi TC . Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC . which is managed by , Thomas Doll .
The Sami languages are spoken in Finland .
American Motors Co was succeeded by Eagle .
A full - size luxury vehicle , the Alvis Speed 25 has a 31 . 48 tax hp engine and a " single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle " .
Len Wein collected an award from the Academy of Comic Book Arts .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran , who plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D at the Carrarese Calcio .
The Alan B Miller Hall is located in Williamsburg , Virginia .
Buzz Aldrin ( alternatively called Edwin E Aldrin Jr ) was a crew member of Apollo 11 . He was a fighter pilot and attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 .
Austin , Texas has a land area of 686 square kilometres .
Agnes Kant ' s nationality is Netherlands whose leader is Mark Rutte . Mr . Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands . Euro is the currency of that land .
The birth place of Agustin Barboza is Asuncion , Paraguay .
In Spain the language spoken is the Spanish language .
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan .
one of the ingredients of a Bacon Sandwich is Ketchup .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . It is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which is in the Jinnah International Airport . Anwar Zaheer Jamali is one of the leaders of Pakistan .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where the leader is Alexis Tsipras .
The ground of AFC Fylde can be found in the county of Lancashire .
Tim Brooke Tayler starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain ( led by the Peoples Party ) , part of the Community of Madrid .
Arem - arem is a main dish of the Javanese cuisine . Its main ingredients are : compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Awadh is part of Uttar Pradesh which is where Agra Airport is and where Ram Naik is the leader .
The Siege of Petersburg occurred during the American Civil War .
Albany , is in Georgia , which is in the United States .
Batchoy is a soup dish made with noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
AS Roma has 70634 members .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) played in the 2014 - 15 Topklasse season .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s height is 185 cm .
Auburn is located within the state of Washington .
he Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was later succeeded by the Rover Company .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and was influenced by Robert A Heinlein . He wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette II .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd , in Pacific Grove , California , and was constructed in 1913 . They are an example of the Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows , and were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 .
ALCO RS - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimeters long and was built by , United States founded , the American Locomotive Company .
The location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , United States . The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is owned by the National Park Service .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada , where one of the languages is , Slavey . It is also where , the national anthem is , O Canada .
Antioch has the total area of 75 . 324 square km and is located within California . Its postal codes are 94509 and 94531 while the area code is 925 .
Sausage in an ingredient in bacon explosion , originating from the Kansas City metropolitan area .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines and has a 900 meters long runway . The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan and the hub airport of the airlines is the Turkmenbasi International Airport .
Andrew White ' s musical genre is alternative rock , which has its roots in new wave music . Alternative rock has its stylistic origin in punk rock and has a sub genre called Christian alternative rock .
11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania which has Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast .
There are 16000 students and 737 academic staff at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark . The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association and has the Latin name of " Universitas Aarhuensis " .
Aaron Boogaard ' s birthplace is Regina , Saskatchewan and he plays for Wichita Thunder .
The population density of Angola Indians is 524 . 5 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , which has the alternative name of Alfa Romeo 168 , is considered a mid - size luxury executive car and has a 2 . 5 litre engine .
The film Big Hero 6 starred Jamie Chung .
Th Battle of Gettysburg was part of the American Civil War conflict which Abraham Lincoln was a commander of . Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 .
Born in Staten Island , New York , Albert Jennings Fountain , died in New Mexico Territory .
Aleksandra Kovac ' s musical genre is pop music , in which Disco music is a fusion this genre . He is associated with the musical artist Kornelije Kovač and Kristina Kovac .
Aaron Bertram was born on April 3 , 1981 .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Essex County in the U . S . A .
Auburn , Alabama can be found in the United States .
Apollo 12 is operated by NASA .
Atlanta , is a part of the U . S . in the state of Georgia .
Singer Aaron Turner was a member of black metal band Twilight and is associated with Greymachine . Death metal is a fusion of black metal .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia that ' s from the Malay Peninsula region .
Alison O ' Donnell , who signed to the record label Kissing Spell Records , jazz music , a derivative of which , is Funk .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students . It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Pork belly is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Al Asad airbase , which is located at Al Anbar Province , Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
Pork is an ingredient of Batchoy .
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa in the country of Ethiopia .
103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 .
The United States includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups and is the location of Auburn , Alabama .
Ícolo e Bengo is located in Angola .
Akeem Adams plays for the T & TEC Sports Club and United Petrotrin F . C . which plays in Palo Seco Velodrome .
The rector of the 1 Decembrie 1918 Universitie is Breaz Valer Daniel . . The university , which is nicknamed Uab , is in Alba Julia in Romania .
A . C . Cesena ' s ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi , he played in Serie B .
Adenan Satem , born in British Borneo during the Japanese occupation , succeeded Abdul Taib Mahmud .
The Aston Martin Vantage succeeded the Aston Martin DBS .
Allan Shivers , was Lieutenant Governor of Texas and was succeeded by Price Daniel .
Alison O ' Donnell is a Psychedelic folk musician and can play the autoharp .
The launch site of the Delta II was the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 .
Bhajji originates from India where Narendra Modi and Sunmitra Mahajan are leaders , .
The Philippines contains different enthnicities including Chinese Filipino and Igorot . They speak Arabic and English and eat batchoy .
Native Americans are an ethnic group located in the US where A Wizard of Mars originates from .
Adonis Georgiadis worked in the Ministry of Health in Greece .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the bombing of Libya in 1986 . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 on their aircraft carriers and also use the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle Fighter Aircraft .
Andra is a Rhytmn and Blues musician and singer soloist . R & B is the origin of Funk .
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and plays for the Austria national football team .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the official language is Italian .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romania which is part of Alab County . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest and the country is led by Klaus Iohannis . The country ' s anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level .
108 St . George ' s Terrace was completed in 1988 in Perth , Australia .
Part of the K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) , Aleksandra Kovač ' s musical genre is pop music . Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia and covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . The population density of Atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants / sq km and its total area is 347 . 1 square kilometres .
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town , Cyril Ramaphosa is a leader and the white South Africans are one of the ethnic groups .
Covington is the county seat of Fountain County , Indiana .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and battled in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a commander . Arabic is a language spoken in New York .
Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar is the director of Acharya Institute of Technology is an affliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University located at Bangalore city in India , their motto is " Nurturing Excellence " .
Acharya Institute of Technology is known as AIT .
The comic character Airman , who has the alternative name Drake Stevens , was created by Harry Sahle .
Adam McQuaid ' s draft team is the Columbus Blue Jackets , located in Columbus , Ohio . He now plays for the Boston Bruins .
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica CODEN code is " AMAHE9 " and is also known as Acta Math . Hungar .
A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent and was written by John Cowper Powys .
The comic character , Arion , was created by Jan Duursema .
Noodles , shrimp , pork organs , vegetables , chicken and beef are ingredients in the dish called batchoy which comes from the Philippines .
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia .
Adenan Satem was in office while Abdul Taib Mahmud was Vice President .
Luciano Spalletti manages A . S . Roma .
Abilene is a part of Texas , United States . Austin is the capital city of Texas and the people speak English .
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC and he plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team .
Batchoy is a Philippine dish that contains the ingredient pork .
Alfred Moore Scales was at the Siege of Petersburg , which occurred during the American Civil War , .
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin who were affiliated to the university of Texas system which competed in the Big 12 Conference , died in St . Louis , Kingdom of France .
101 Helena has a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetres .
Alderney ' s leader name is Elizabeth II .
' A Fortress of Grey Ice ' is from the United States where English is the language and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) has a ship beam length of 24 . 4 and is 192000 mms long .
1634 The Bavarian Crisis which was authored by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion .
Airey Neave , who fought in World War II , ended his career on 30th March 1979 .
1099 Figneria has a periapsis of 349206000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 . It has the epoch date of 31 December 2006 and the escape velocity is 0 . 0155km per sec .
A popular dish of the Javanese is Ayam penyet . This dish is made throughout Java and can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore . It features smashed fried chicken served with sambal .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad in India which is has a leader called T . S . Thakur .
Denzil Antonio is the manager of Akron Summit Assault which has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season .
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena and is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
With and the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback .
Albany is a city in Oregon , where the capital is Salem . Oregon is in the United States .
Anders Osborne , an exponent of Rock music , is signed to the record label Alligator Records and previously was signed to the Shanachie Records label .
Anderson is part of Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S .
Appleton International airport , located in Greenville , Wisconsin , USA , services Appleton . Appleton is part of Grand Chute Wiconsin ans Greenville is part of Ellington , Wisconsin .
Alfred N Phillips worked as Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Saranac Lake Harrietstown , New York United States .
The date of birth of Ab Klink is 1958 - 11 - 02 .
Cubanelle is one of the ingredients in Arros negre .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located at Paracuellos de Jarama in Madrid , Spain . The airport is 610 metres above sea level and the runway is 3500 m long .
The Acura TLX is a mid - size car assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant . It has a V6 engine and has both front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight - four engine and a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres . The vehicle has a coupe body style and was last manufactured in 1958 .
The AIDAluna is 252 metres long and was launched on 4th April 2009 .
Parkersburg , West Virginia is in the United States where Abert B . White died and was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson who died in Charleston , West Virginia .
Anders Osborne ' s record label is Alligator Records , which is located in Chicago . He plays in the rhythm and blues genre and was signed to the Shanachie Records label .
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are both leaders of Italy , the capital city of which is Rome . Amatriciana is a traditional Italian sauce .
26 November 2005 is the epoch date of 1089 Tama which has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec . It has a periapsis measurement of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Batagor ( and its alternative of Shumai ) and Siomay ( made with peanut sauce ) are both variations of the same dish .
Arlington is located in Tarrant County , Texas ( largest city Houston ) in the United States of America .
The " Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA " is the full name of A . C . Lumezzane .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States and falls under the category of Contributing property .
Aaron Deer origin ' s Indianapolis .
Born in 1995 , Aleksander Barkov Jr plays for the Florida Panthers .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is the sequel to Grantiville Gazettes III written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Batagor , Siomay and Shumai are all variations of the same dish . Shumai contains shiitake and comes from China .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and lives in the Netherlands . Agnes Kant ' s Alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen and she worked as a member of the House of Representatives .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States . The Airport ' s runway name is called " 13 / 31 " .
Akeem Priestley ' s youth club was the Connecticut Huskies .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece which currently has Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis as leaders . Here the currency used is the Euro and the main language is Greek .
The Aston Martin V8 was assembled at Newport Pagnell .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English , the language originated in Great Britain .
Adam Koc was awarded the Cross of Independence .
The architect Julia Morgan designed several significant buildings including the grounds of Asilomar Conference , the Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach .
The musical genre of Alex Day is Synthpop which is derived from house music . The stylistic origin of synthpop is new wave music .
Iraq is the birth place of Alaa Abdul Zahra , who played for the club Duhok SC . Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Iraq national under - 23 football team .
Bakso , a dish that originates from Indonesia , contains noodles . It contains ground beef , tapioca , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , and fried shallots . It is a popular dish in Indonesia , and also neighbouring Southeast Asian countries .
Tony Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person at the BBC which has headquarters at Broadcasting House and broadcast Bananaman .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery .
Frederick Maryland is the location of the Monocacy National Battlefield . The Battlefield is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument and is categorised as a historic district of the US .
" Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the A . C . Milan club .
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20 , 1930 .
One of the rivers of India is the Ganges and the country is also the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 and located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala .
Andrew Rayel a Trance performer , whose stylistic origins are pop music , is associated with a number of musical artists , these include : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi .
The University of Texas at Austin is competing in the Big 12 Conference .
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes in Spain . It is elevated 610 metres above sea level .
Bozo the Iron Man ' s full name is Hugh Hazzard and he was created by Goerge Brenner .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds constructed in 1913 at Pacific Grove , California is based on the architecture style of " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " .
Bolt is a comic character with the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky . He was created by Dan Mishkin and the US national , Paris Cullins .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants in the class Monocotyledon .
A Severed Wasp is in print with the OCLC 8805735 and ISBN 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the autoharp and performs jazz music . Jazz style originates from the Blues , and Funk and Afrobeat are derivatives of Jazz .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad has played for Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya and Steel Azin F . C .
Elliot See was an American who was born in Dallas on July 23 , 1927 . See attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with the University of Texas system . The University of Texas competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . Elliot See is dead , but the date of his death was not noted .
Ajoblanco , ( alternative name Ajo Blanco ) , is a dish from the Andalusia region of Spain and includes the main ingredients bread , water , almonds , garlic and olive oil .
Alex Plante was born in Brandon , Manitoba where the leader is Drew Caldwell .
Al Asad Airbase ' s runway length is 3090 . 0 .
American Journal of Mathematics has the OCLC number 1480153 .
Peter Stöger , the manager of 1 . FC Köln , plays for SK Rapid Wien .
A . C . Lumezzane , with 4150 members , is in the Lega Pro / A league and played during the 2014 season .
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California and is governed by the United States House of Representatives , which is part of the United States Congress . California is where you can hear the Spanish language being spoken .
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
A Glastonbury Romane was written by John Cowper Powys and is followed by Weymouth Sands and Maiden Castle .
Cleveland City Council governs Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio where 200 Public Square is located .
The final flight of the Antares rocket was on 2014 - 10 - 28 from the launch site , the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The area of Austin , Texas is 703 . 95 ( square kilometres ) .
Anaheim , part of California , is led by the California State Senate located at the California State Capitol .
Julia Morgan , born in California , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the Asilomar State Beach .
Luciano Spalletti plays for Virtus Entella and manages AS Roma who play in the Serie A league . Juventus FC are the champions of the league .
Peter Stoger plays for LASK Linz .
With the ISSN number 1080 - 6377 , The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University in the United States .
The shortcrust pastry based dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is from the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , the main ingredients of which are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Akeem Adams has played for United Petrotrin F . C ( home ground Palo Seco ) and also Ferencvarosi TC ( chairman Gábor Kubatov ) .
Alberto Teisaire is a member of the Justicialist Party and was born in Mendoza in Agentina .
CD FAS ' s league is the Salvadoran Primera Division .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce , which can be found in an Italian meal as it is from Lazio region , Italy .
Folk rock musician Alison O ' Donnell is signed with Static Caravan Recordings .
The coden code for AIP Advances is AAIDBI .
Two of the main ingredients in binignit are banana and sweet potato ( of the order of Solanales ) .
London is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Tirstrup is in Denmark .
Alfred N . Phillips was born in Connecticut and was a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir which was written by Australians .
The epoch for ( 29075 ) 1950 DA is on the 27th of August 2010 and has a rotation period of 7637 . 76 .
Located in São José dos Pinhais , Afonso Pena International Airport has the elevation of 911 meters above the sea level . It also has a runway with the name 11 / 29 , as well as a runway length of 2215 . 0 .
The currency of Ethiopia is the Ethiopian birr .
Abel Caballero came to be in Ponteareas in Spain .
Connecticut born Alfred N Phillips belonged to the Democratic Party in the United States . He was succeeded by Albert E Austin and was once the Mayor of Stamford , Connecticut .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin 1955 with a BSc . He was a test pilot and also a crew member of Apollo 12 which was run by NASA . The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott .
England ' s capital is London . The Cornish language is still spoken in some parts and one of the ethnic groups to be found are the British Arabs . A place of interest is Dead Man ' s Plack .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg . He plays for SV Babelsberg 03 and is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
The Cornish language is still spoken within England although not often heard within the the capital , London . It is also the location of Dead Man ' s Plack . One of the ethnic groups in the country are the British Arabs , and the established religion is the Church of England .
The ethnic group of Spaniards come from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and arros negre is a dish .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for Shabab Al - Ordon Club and Al Shorta SC .
Big Hero 6 stars Ryan Potter .
Abradab performs hip hop music which has its origins in Disco . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music , which originated from jazz music . Gangsta rap is a sub genre of Hip Hop music .
The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana in the U . S . The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
Auburn ( 77 . 41 sq . kms . ) , Pierce and King County , Washington , is part of the United States .
Ab Klink is from the Netherlands .
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th , 1989 and debuted his career in 2011 for the Tennessee Titans . Mr . Ayers formerly plays for the New England Patriots .
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for both R . S . C . Anderlecht and AFC Ajax .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Rubin Kazan and his club is FC Spartak Moscow , whose home ground is at the Otkrytiye Arena .
New York City , USA where one can find Asser Levy Public Baths , is part of New Netherland and contains cities such as Brooklyn .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which is the sequel to Grantville Gazette III .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , the capital of which is Washington , D . C .
Angola is part of the state of Indiana , United States . English is the language of the United States and some Native Americans live there .
St Vincent - St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , that play in the Premier Development League , which champions were K - W United FC . St . Vincent St . Mary High School is located in United States .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans who are based in Nashville , Tennessee .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , the capital city of which is Washington and where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The dark asteroid 1000 Piazzia has a periapsis is 352497000000 . 0 .
In Ethiopia the Amharic language is spoken . Ethiopia ' s leaders include Hailemariam Desalegn and Mulatu Teshome . Addis Ababa is an Ethiopian city where Addis Ababa City Hall is situated .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Ticino , Switzerland , was established in 1996 and has 600 students . Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader and Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
Ketchup is included in the bacon sandwich , also referred to as a BLT .
The Acura TLX has an Inline - four engine and is assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
N . R . Pogson was born in Nottingham , and discovered 107 Camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
A BLT is a variation of both the bacon sandwich ( which contains ketchup ) and the club sandwich .
Auburn is part of King County in Washington , which is located within the United States .
Aston Martin manufactured the Aston Martin Virage which succeeded the Aston Martin V8 . The latter vehicle is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and assembled in the United Kingdom which is ruled by Queen Elizabeth II .
Aaron Turner is a professional artist and plays Isis and previously with the Sumac band . They play avant - garde metal music .
Dick Dillin was the creator of the comic book character Aurakles .
Alan Bean is a United Stated national born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th of March , 1932 . He was a test pilot and served as a crew member aboard Apollo 12 .
The Atlas II , which is from the United states , had its final flight on the 5th of December , 2002 . It is 3 . 04m in diameter and was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station as well as Vandenberg Air Force Base .
Alan Shepard was a test pilot hired by NASA in 1959 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy , which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal . He was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia .
The Appleton International Airport is located in and services Greenville , Wisconsin . Grand Chute and Ellington are part of Wisconsin .
New York City is located in the United States .
Akron is located within Summit County , Ohio .
3Arena hosts concerts and events and is located in Dublin . It was designed by the architectural company Populous and completed in December 2008 at a height of 28 metres .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the UK where the capital city is London . Boris Johnson is a leader in London which is led by the European Parliament . Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
Angola , Indiana is in the U . S .
American Journal of Mathematics ISSN number : 0002 - 9327 .
Albert B . White was born 22nd September 1856 and died on the 3rd July 1941 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group . Like in Great Britain , English is also spoken in the United States .
Aaron Deer is a piano player and performer of the music genre Indie rock . Indie rock has origins in garage rock and new wave music , and involves the guitar .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . In 1963 he graduated from MIT with a Sc . D . . was chosen to crew Apollo 11 by NASA and had 20 awards to his credit .
Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam .
410777 ) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres and a density of 1890 . 0 kilograms per cubic metres .
The 1955 Dodge has an engine size of 230 cubic inches and a station wagon style body .
Appletone International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is found in Greenville , Wisconsin in the U . S . A . Greenville is part of the town of Menasha and Ellington .
Alan Shepard was chosen by NASA in 1959 .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta Georgia .
The runway at Antwerp International airport is 600 . 0 in length .
The Alvis Speed 25 has a wheelbase of 127 inches .
1923 OAA907 XC , which us now know as 1001 Gaussia , has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 .
Atlanta in is the US , the capital of which is Washington DC .
Aaron Bertram , an artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation , performs ska punk music , which has its origins in Ska .
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originates from both country music and folk music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Arem - arem is a main course dish served nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Angola is part of Steuben County , Indiana which is located in the United States , the country where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
103 Colmore Row ( located in Colmore Row ) is in the architectural style " Brutalist architecture " , and was designed by Birmingham born architect , John Madin .
Aaron Boogaard , who was born in Canada in 1986 , is 1 . 905 metres in height and played for the club Wichita Thunder .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio .
Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is in Azerbaijan . The capital is Baku .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where Spanish is spoken and Austin is the capital . It is also where the Texas demonym is Tejano .
AZAL PFK ' s ground is AZAL Arena which is located in Shuvalan . They currently play in the Azerbaijan Premier League whose championship football team is Qarabag FK .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a test pilot and was chosen by NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 11 . Other crew members included Alfred Worden , who was a backup pilot .
Vermont ' s Alvah Sabin died in Sycamor , DeKalb County , Illinoi . He retired 03 / 03 / 1857 . The largest city in Vermont is Burlington . s .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada , where Elizabeth II is the leader , Inuktitut is a spoken language , and Asian Canadians are an ethnic group .
The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai granted Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore which was founded by Kempe Gowda . One of the sports offered at the Institute which is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University , is tennis , which has the International Tennis Federation as it ' s governing body .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States which includes many Asian Americans .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and is 94 metres above sea level .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was succeeded by Al - Amin Daggash , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President .
Sportpark De Toekomst is owned by AFC Ajax N . V .
Frank de Boer plays for Al - Shamal Sports Club .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan .
The Spanish language is spoken in Spain which is where Ajoblanco is from .
The Bacon Explosion is a main dish from Kansas City metro which contains sausage and bacon .
Married to Ruth Ribicoff , United States born , Abraham A . Ribicoff , once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office .
Addis Ababa City Hall , which was completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres . Building commenced in 1961 , and its floor area is 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and Asian Americans are an ethnic group . English is the language spoken in the United States and the capital city is Washington DC .
Chicago ' s leader is called Rahm Emanuel .
At Alderney airport , the 1st runway is made from Poaceae which is a Monocotyledon and belongs to the order of Commelinids .
AS Roma has 70634 members and has a ground in Rome . Their fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A .
Born in Kingdom of Sarawak , Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s successor was , Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
Jens Hartel is in the RB Leipzig club and plays for both SV Germania Schoneiche and 1 FC Lokomotive Leipzig . He has also been the manager of 1FC Magdeburg .
Americans are the people occupying the U . S . Albany , Benton County , Oregon is in the U . S . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C and Native Americans are the true owners of the United States of America .
The architecture style of Adisham Hall , located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and constructed between 1927 and 1931 is Tudor and Jacobean .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay , the leader of which , is Tabare Vazquez .
Born in Ponteareas , Abel Calallero is Spanish , the main language used in Spain , the leader of which , is Felipe VI of Spain .
Ayam penyet , which comes from Java , has fried chicken in it .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , which is led by Narendra Modi .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the president .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for RB Leipzig and is part of the club 1 . FC Union Berlin .
The leader in Buenos Aires is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta .
Adam McQuaid , who weighs 94 . 8024kg was born on Prince Edward Island in 1986 .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff .
Aaron Hunt played for the Germany national youth football team .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an epoch date of March 6th 2006 , has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 and it was discovered by the Roque de los Muchachos Observatory .
Peter Stöger has played for FC Admira Wacker Modling , has managed FC Kolin and also worked for SK Vorwärts Steyr and First Vienna FC .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York , in the United States .
Aaron Boogaard was born on 11 / 08 / 1986 in Saskatchewan and played for the Wichita Thunder club .
The owner of AIDAluna is Rostock based AIDA Cruises . The power type of the AIDAluna is the Caterpillar Inc . engine and Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc .
1001 Gaussia has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres , and its epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines . It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
The 1955 Dodge has a hardtop and it engine is 230 cubic inches .
The people of Argentina are called Argentines .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ' s country is Nigeria .
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States , the country where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
The musical genre of Abradab is hip hop music , the stylistic origins of which , is disco .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan . The Emperor of Japan is Akihito and the Brazilians in Japan are an ethnic group found in the country .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 and it has 16 , 000 students . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen . It is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels .
Jens Härtel has managed the 1 FC Magdeburg . He has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Pecorino romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce , which comes from Italy .
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and his music genre is Ambient . He played with the bands Twilight and Old Man Gloom .
Agnes Ward White was the wife of Albert B . White and died in Parkersburg , West Virginia . Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and his successor was William MO Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
Akeem Priestley ’ s club is RoPS .
Akeem Priestley has played for the Orange County Blues FC and for RoPS who are in the Veikkausliiga league . Orange County Blues FC are managed by Oliver Wyss .
Paraguay has a ethnic group called the Mestizo .
Azerbaijan leader ' s name is Artur Rasizade and its capital is in Baku with the legislature in Azerbaijan called The National Assembly . Baku has the Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku The Native name of the Memorial is " Türk Sehitleri Aniti " .
Atlas II originates from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group and where English is the language .
Bhajji comes from the country India , where the currency is the rupee . The leader of India is either T . S . Thakur and / or Narendra Modi .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by the American Locomotive Company , has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8mm long . It was produced from May 1950 to August 1956 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and using F - 16 Fighting Falcons as an aircraft fighter . The 1986 United States bombing of Lybia was carried out by the US Air Force .
Amsterdam airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
Baked Alaska is from France , where french is spoken .
St . Louis is a part of greater St . Louis .
Al Shorta SC and Shabab Al - Ordon Club are former teams of Alaa Abdul - Zahra .
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18L / 36R .
Alpharetta , Georgia is elebated 346 . 0 above sea level and has a total rea of 55 . 4 square kilometres and 992 . 6 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F . C . and Crewe Alexandra F . C .
Adam Koc is of Polish nationality .
Robert E Lee was a commander in the Battle of Salem Church , which was one of the military conflicts in the American Civil War . Aaron S Daggett fought in the same battle .
Batagor , containing peanut sauce , is a variation of the Siomay dish , which is very similar to Shumai .
Aaron Turner sings for a living and is associated with the group Greymachine . He performs black metal music , the fusion of which , is death metal .
Albert B White was born in Cleveland 1856 - 09 - 22 .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland .
Antioch in California has a UTC offset of - 7 , an area code of 925 and postal codes of 94509 and 94531 . It has a total area of 75 . 324 sq km and a population of 102 . 372 .
The runway length of Andrews County airport ( located in Texas and 973 meters above sea level ) , is 929 . 0 .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg , or Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . for short , is about the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was made in Finland . People from Finland are known as Finns .
Alberto Teisaire of the Justicialist Party , worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
Buzz Aldrin ' s occupation was a fighter pilot .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C . The league , from Brazil , that Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( managed by Vica ) , play in .
Aaron Turner who is associated with the group Greymachine plays Black Metal music . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Aaron Boogaard was born in 1986 in Saskatchewan . His club is Wichita Thunder .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce . Rome is the capital of Italy , it ' s language is Italian and Pietro Grasso is the leader .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England , UK and died in Sidcup .
Auburn , Alabama is located in the United States where English is spoken .
ALV X - 1 originated in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group . Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States and the anthem is the Star Spangled Banner .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Austria . He died in Styria , Graz . He was a member of the Austrian People ' s party .
Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated to Association of MBAs .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English , a language spoken in Great Britain . It is published by Soho Press , located in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Agustin Barboza is signed to Philips Records , the parent company of which , is the Universal Music Group .
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and is a player in İstanbulspor A . Ş .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A . D . Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team and Alianza F . C . He is also in C . D . FAS .
Adare Manor , designed by Philip Charles Hardwick , was completed in 1862 and is located in Adare , County Limerick .
Gregory L . Fenves was appointed as the president of the University of Texas at Ausitin , that is affiliated to the university of texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference . The mascot of the University of Texas is called Hook ' em . Elliot See was among the University of Texas graduates .
A Wizard of Mars was written in English ( which is spoken in Great Britain ) and originates from the United States .
The inauguration of the Atatürk Monument was at July 27th , 1932 .
The United States has the capital of Washington DC and includes the ethnic group of Native Americans . The country ( where the largest city is New York City ) is the location of Atlantic City , Atlantic County , New Jersey .
The ISSN number of Addiction ( journal ) is 1360 - 0443 .
Ahmet Ertegun is a blues performer from a non - performing background who was born in 1923 , in Washington D . C . , the United States .
The musical genre of Aleksandra Kovac is pop music .
A loyal Character Dancer is 360 pages long .
The leader of Montevideo is the politician Daniel Martínez .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument ( established 1907 - 07 - 11 ) is categorised as a historic district in the United States , and is owned by the National Park Service .
The Ataturk Monument was inaugurated on 27th July , 1932 and was designed by Pietro Canonica . The Monument is located in Turkey , whose leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
The Angola International Airport which is 159 meters above sea level , is located at Ícolo e Bengo .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . It is easily reachable from Maryland , having Carroll County to its southeast , and Frederick County to the southwest .
Aaron Hunt plays for the clubs Hamburger SV and SV Werder Bremen II .
Buzz Aldrin who was originally from New Jersey graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . He then went on to join NASA in 1963 and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
Adam Maher currently plays for PSV Eindhoven .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , UK ( postcode area ' B ' ) , governed by the Conservative Party .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba which is part of the state of Parana .
Anaheim , California in the U . S . has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres . Anaheim is led by the California State Senate which is part of the California State Legislature .
Adonis Georgiadis was in office under Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , whose deputy is , Evangelos Venizelos .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were part of the battle of the Invasion of Panama . The USAF have many planes including : the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft , the General Dynamics F - 16 Falcon fighter plane and the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules transport aircraft .
San Sebastián de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid .
SInger Alex Day could be described as a synthpop performer . Synthpop is a style with its roots in both house and disco music .
A footballer , Alan Martin , played with the Clyde FC and the Leeds United FC . The former club is located in Broadwood Stadium and managed by Barry Ferguson .
The footballer Abner was born on 30 / 05 / 1996 .
Alan Shepard passed away on 1998 - 07 - 21 in California .
Appleton International Airport , located in Greenville , Wisconsin , services the Appleton , Ellington and Dale areas .
The name of St Louis ' leader is Francis G . Slay .
Andrew Rayel is a trance musician who was born in Chisinau , Moldova . He started his career in 2009 and is associated with Armin van Buuren and Jwaydan Moyine .
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita ( part of Akita Prefecture ) in Japan . The leader of Japan is Shinzo Abe and an ethnic group there is called Vietnamese .
Bhajji is a dish from India , where the leader is Narendra Modi and people who live there are called Indians .
Bacon Explosion ' s main ingredients are sausage and bacon .
Elliot See died in St Louis on February 28 , 1966 .
William Anders was born in 1933 and joined NASA in 1963 . He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 , operated by NASA . The backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman was also a crew member .
Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was born in Minna and studied at the Technical Institute , Kaduna , served as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff . He was succeeded by Al - Amin Daggash .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane he is part of A . C > Chievo Verona and plays for Vicenza Calcio .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC which is in the Qatar Stars League .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras and the capital city is Athens .
Aaron Turner who is a performer of the musical genre Post metal , performs for Mamiffer . He also played with the band Twilight .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 and it has a mass of 2 . 7kg .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital city is Austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano .
Bakewel pudding , also called bakewell tart , originates from the Derbyshire Dales . Classified as a dessert which can be served warm from the oven or cold , its main ingredients are almond , jam , butter and eggs .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English ( the language of Great Britain ) . In the United States , Barack Obama is the leader and native Americans are an ethnic Group .
Abraham A . Ribicof , born New Britain , Connecticut , once worked for the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare office and was succeeded by , John N . Dempsey .
Dane Whitman Black Knight is a comic character created by Roy Thomas .
1001 Gaussia ' s epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage , it is a main course from the Kansas City metropolitan area .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London .
Adam McQuaid was born in 1986 on Prince Edward Island .
Nigerian Air Force member ( commanded by Sadique Abubakar ) Abdulsalami Abubakar served during Mike Akhigbe ' s Vice Presidency . Mike Akhigbe ' s succeeded Oladipo Diya and was the predecessor of Atiku Abubakar .
Ayam penyet ' s main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal ; it is from Indonesia .
Ajoblanco has its origins in Spain ( led by Felipe VI ) and is also found in Susana Diaz led Andalusia . In Spain it can be purchased via the Euro .
William Anders was born on October 17th 1933 in British Hong Kong . He joined NASA in 1963 where he worked as a fighter pilot before he retired .
Alfred Moore Scales , started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 , and took part in the Battle of Chancellorsville , which was part of the American Civil War conflict . Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War .
Batagor , a variation of Shumai ( a variation of Siomay ) , contains peanut sauce and is from Indonesia .
The current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel . Marriott International was founded in Washington DC . Copenhagen is the Danish capital and the country is led by Margrethe II .
Gruppo Bertone , founded by Giovanni Bertone , was the designer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe . The Abarth foundation was founded in Italy and is the manufacturer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd July , 1927 . He attended the University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated to the university of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference . Elliot See was a test pilot , who died in St Louis .
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and he played blues music but has a background as a solo singer .
The Seat Ibiza and the Audi A1 are both cars and the former is related to the VW Polo Mk3 .
Alternative rock musician Andrew White is with the Kaiser Chiefs . Alternative rock originates from punk and new wave while influencing Nu metal fusion .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio . It has an academic staff of 100 and a total of 600 students .
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands led by Mark Rutte .
Qarabağ FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League in which AZAL PFK also competed in 2014 - 15 . AZAL PFK have 3500 memberrs and play their home matches at the AZAL Arena .
Agnes Kant is a member of the socialist party of Netherlands that has Emile Roemer as a leader and is a national where the leader is Mark Rutte .
Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish - Soviet war .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al Talaba SC and also for the club Steel Azin FC .
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company , which was founded in Coventry .
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which is related to the Aston Martin DBS .
250 Delaware Avenue construction began in January 2014 in Buffalo , New York with a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a total of 12 floors .
Ski Lanka ' s currency is the Ski Lankan rupee .
The celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000 and was discovered by Spacewatch on 27 June 1015 .
The ALV X - 1 which has a diameter of 1 . 524 , was launched only one time and that was from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is in the United States and is led by the New Mexico Senate . John Sanchez is the Senate leader there . African Americans are one ethnic group in the U . S .
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is located in Dnipropetrosvsk .
Antioch has a total area of 75 . 324 sq km and is located in Contra Costa County , San Francisco Bay , California . One of the languages spoken is Vietnamese .
Alfred Moore Scales who was succeeded by the politician , James W . Reid , studied at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , and the Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on its aircraft carriers . The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft while the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 is an aircraft fighter used by the USAF . The United States Air Force was involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada .
Andrew White is an alternative rock musician signed to the London - located Polydor Records . Alternative rock originated from punk rock and is an element of the fusion genre Nu metal .
The leader of the United States , where Albuquerque , New Mexico is located is Barack Obama .
American Journal of Mathematics , ISSN number 1080 - 6377 was published by Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States .
1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba Iulia , which is part of Alba County , is in Romania . Romania , which has a Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis as its leader , has Bucharest as its capital . Romania ' s ethnic group is known as the Germans of Romania .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States . The airport has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is at an elevation of 210 metres above sea level .
Andrews County Airport is located in Englush speaking Texas , in the United States and where a Tejano is a demonym term used .
Black pudding is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
The government of the UK is the Parliament and its capital is London . London ' s leader is Boris Johnson . 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the UK . The demonym for natives of the UK is the British people .
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya . Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force and his successor was Olusegun Obasanjo .
Bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the Antioquia department region . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
The Turkish martyrs memorial is located in Baku , Azerbaijan , which has Artur Rasizade as its Prime Minister and leader .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U . S where there are many Asian Americans .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , which is in Steuben County U . S .
House of Representatives member , Agnes Kant , was born in Hessisch Oldendorf .
The Alvis Speed 25 is a full size luxury car with a specialised transmission system .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is where Albany , Oregon is located and they speak English .
Auburn ( area code 334 ) , located in Alabama , has a total area of 140 . 8 square kilometres and has 368 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre . It is located 214 . 0 above sea level and has 1 . 7 square kilometres of water .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the ISSN number of " 1588 - 2632 " .
Lippincott , Williams , and Wilkins is located in the United States .
The solo artist Andra , who was born in Câmpia , Turzii , performs rhythm and blues music and has worked as a singer and a reality TV judge .
Rock musician and guitarist Al Anderson is with the band NRBQ .
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 .
Akeem Dent was born in the Year 1987 .
Batchoy is a food found in La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
The average speed of 1089 Tama is 19 . 94 km per sec .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
The final flight for the rocket Antares was on July 13 , 2014 .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S . and Auburn is part of King County in Washington , United States .
The dark asteroid called 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a mass of 1 . 1 kilograms . its epoch is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
Alex Tyus plays for the club Pallacanestro Cantù which is in the Lega Basket Serie A league .
Abraham A . Ribicoff died in New York City .
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena , Michigan .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the Italy national under - 17 football team and for for A . C . Milan , which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
Ann Arbr is in Michigan , Washtenaw County US . The capital of Michigan is Lansing and Detroit is the largest city .
Akeem Ayers was born on 10th July 1989 . He plays in the position of linebaker and made his debut for the Tennessee Titans before going on to play for the St . Louis Rams .
1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador .
Auburn in Lee County , Alabama in the United States contains the ethnic group of African American .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico , the country where Enrique Pena Nieto and Silvano Aureoles Conejo are leaders .
The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Seminary Ridge , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . The monument was established in the year 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač , began her active career in 1990 and is associated with artists Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač .
The total area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres . The population density of Albuquerque is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km . and it has an area of land of 486 . 2 square kilometers .
Akeem Ayers once played for the Los Angeles Rams and was number 29 in the draft pick .
A . S . Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci .
The Dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta . The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
Born in Kent , Adam Holloway , is from the United Kingdom and a member of the Tories .
Attica is located in Fountain County in the state of Indiana . It has an area of 4 . 14 SqKm and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The Atatürk Monument is located in Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul .
The binignit recipe calls for sweet potatoes and sago . The sweet potato belongs to the flowering plant and falls under the order of Solanales .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Japan .
The celestial body known as 10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 sq km and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 km .
Albuquerque is part of Bernalillo County , New Mexico in the U . S . The Mayor leads Albuquerque . English is the language spoken in the U . S .
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey and has Don Guardian as its leader .
Felipe VI is the leader of Spain , whose people are called Spaniards . In a part of the country called Andalusia , led by Susana Diaz , a popular food is ajoblanco .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade . He died in West Germany but was born in the German Empire and studied at University of Gottingen .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , from the United States , is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager , he is part of the KV Mechelen club and played with the Drogheda United F . C .
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio , can be found in Italy and has tomato as an ingredient .
The Alhambra , 63800 . 0 millimetres long , has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type that is located in Deptford .
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Hip hop , the musical genre of Allen Forrest , has stylistic origins in funk . Drum and bass sound comes from hip hop .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow , Russia which is led by Sergey Sobyanin . His club was FC Torpedo Moscow where Valery Petrakov is the manager , but he also plays for the Soviet Union National football team .
A food found in Java is ayam penyet which has fried chicken in it .
The leader of the United States , Joe Biden is known as the President . The Chief Justice is John Roberts an 250 Delaware Avenue is also located in the United States .
109 Felicitas travels at an average speed of 17 . 73 km / s .
Pietro Canonica designed the Ataturk monument which is located in Izmir , Turkey . It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
The Acura TLX has a Honda manufactured J engine . Acura is a Honda division .
200 Public Square is in Cleveland , part of the Cuyahoga County in Ohio .
Andra , whose musical genre is rhythm and blues , is a singer associated with musician Marius Moga and the band CRBL .
Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , Aarhus Airport has a runway name 10L / 28R and a runway length of 2702 metres .
Alfred Garth Jones died in London , where the leader is the European Parliament .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , Cape Town , and the leader is Jacob Zuma of the White South Africans .
A . C . Chievo Verona is playing in his ground at Verona and has 39371 members .
Austin is in Hays County , Texas where the largest city is San Marcos .
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell , KY in 1981 and was raised in Dothan , AL . He was originally a solo singer and is an exponent of pop music .
Rome is the capital of Italy , the country where the Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled . The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for the FC Kuban Krasnodar club .
Michele Marcolini was at FC Bari 1908 .
Adam Koc ' s nationality is Poland .
Adonis Georgiadis birthplace was in Greece where he was a member of the New Democracy party .
Daniel Gould Fowle is the successor to Alfred Moore Scales .
" 1928 SJ " is the former name of the celestial body 1101 Clematis which has the epoch date 31 December 2006 and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km per sec . This body has a periapsis measurement of 445895000000 . 0 and the orbital period of 182209000 . 0 .
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit .
Preußisch Oldendorf was the birthplace of Walter Baade , who discovered 1036 Ganymed . His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and he died in West Germany .
Agra Airport with an elevation of 167 . 94 meters above sea level is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand .
Alfons Gorbach , who was born in the County of Tyrol , was in office during President Adolf Schärf ' s reign .
Sheldon Moldoff has won the Inkpot Award .
NRBQ are exponents of Country music .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is called the President , and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans .
The ALCO RS - 3 , built by Montreal Locomotive Works , is a diesel powered V12 engine , has 12 cylinders and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
The population density of Albany , Georgia is 535 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and the total area is 144 . 7 SqKm .
Completed in 1983 , the architect of 11 Diagonal Street was Helmut Jahn .
The book " A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press . It was written in Ireland , where white people are considered an ethnic group .
Abner W . Sibal ' s birth place was Ridgewood , Queens .
The Antares rocket , which looks like the U . S . Delta II rocket , was flown from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 . Yuzhnoye Design Office created the Antares rocket .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was the follow - up to 1634 : The Baltic War .
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport which is located in Agra .
Auburn , Pierce County , Washington is located in the United States . Auburn is 77 . 41 sq km with 914 . 8 persons per sq km .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where Asian Canadians are an ethnic group . Elizabeth II is a leader there and the Inuktitut language is spoken .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , led by President Barack Obama .
Anaheim , California , covers an area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , has the area code 657 and an UTC offset of - 7 .
Alan Bean , born on the 15th of March 1932 , was in space for 100305 minutes as part of the crew of Apollo 12 .
Chicago ( led by Susana Mendoza ) is located in Cook County , Illinois , United States and is the location of 300 North LaSalle ( which has 60 floors ) .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and plays for A . S . Roma .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , which has Barack Obama as leader .
Leon Trotsky was the commender in the Polish - Soviet War .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennesse Titans who are based in Nashville Tennessee . He used to play for the Los Angeles Rams who play their home matches at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and are coached by Jeff Fisher .
Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX which has a Honda K engine . Acura is a division of the Honda Co .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark . Denmark has a monarch and Denmark ' s leader is called Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 , and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University based in Belgaum .
The Ariane 5 , manufactured by The Airbus Defence and Space , had its maiden flight on June 4 , 1996 and its last flight on December 18 , 2009 . It was launched from the Guiana Space Centre and had a diameter of 5 . 4 metres .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas , where English is spoken and Houston is the largest city . Austin is the capital of Texas , United States .
Alan Frew is a public speaker .
In 2000 the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in Adams County , Pennsylvania , US . It is now categorised as a contributing property .
Bionico is a dessert often including honey found in the Jalisco region of Mexico . The name of the leader in Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
Doris Bures is a leader in Austria , where the language is Austrian German . Alfons Gorbach ' s place of birth was the state , Tyrol ( Austria , Hungary ) , and he died in Austria .
Joe Biden and bacon explosion are both from the United States .
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago in Illinois , United States where the English language is spoken . The city is the location of 300 North LaSalle .
Rhythm and blues is the genre of artist Andra and is also the origin of disco .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas , Spain and is 610 m above sea level .
Bionico is a food from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains the ingredient of sour cream .
Akeem Priestley ' s birth place is Jamaica .
Sheldon Moldoff is the American creator of Black Pirate .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , the sequel to The Grantville Gazettes , was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank , California .
Designed by architect John Madin , 103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 , is comprised of 23 floors and is located at Colmore Row .
The French language is spoken in Canada .
The owner of AIDAluna , power type Caterpillar Inc . engine , is AIDA Cruises , located in Rostock .
The profession of Alberto Teisaire was Rear Admiral .
Antioquia Department , Colombia , is the regions where Bandeja paisa comes from . It includes lemon ( from the Citrus genus ) .
Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic and is associated with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Kidney beans are an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England and has the Labour Party as its leader .
Sweet potatoes , which are a flowering plant and belong to the order of Solanales , are an ingredient of binignit , together with coconut milk .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a temperature of 43 . 0 kelvins .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by Flemish Region .
Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and currently has 100 staff and 600 students . The country ' s leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
Bandeja pasta ( Colombia ) includes the ingredient , kidney beans .
Solo singer Alfred Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo . He plays Milonga music and records for Odeon Records .
Outagamie County , Wisconsin is the operating organisation of Appleton International Airport .
Akeem Dent began with the Atlanta Falcons team and then played for the Houston Texans . The latter team plays in Texas .
Auburn , Washington is in the U . S .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and comes in hardcover .
The A Rosa Luna was built on the Neptun Werft , Rostock , Germany , where Berlin is the capital .
Bill Marriott is a key person of Washington Dc founded Marriott International , a tenant of Copenhagen , Denmark ' s AC Hotel Bella Sky ( where the Faroese language is spoken ) .
110 Lydia has an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres and travels at an average speed of 17 . 99 kmps .
The birth place of Augustus Pugin is Bloomsbury .
Turkey ' s leader is the President , the currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara . It is the location of the Ataturk monument which was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated in Izmir on 27 July 1932 .
James Craig Watson , who discovered 101 Helena , originated from Canada and died of peritonitis .
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Rhythm and blues and she is associated with Kristina Kovac and Kornelije Kovac .
The AMC Matador is made by American Motors and has The Wheel Horse Co . as its subsidiary .
AFC Blackpool has the full name " Association Football Club Blackpool " and their ground is in Blackpool . They have 1500 members and competed in the 2014 season .
Antioch is located in California where the Spanish language is spoken . It is part of Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay area and is led by the United States House of Representatives .
Rythm and Blues derived from disco music and is the genre of Ahmet Ertegun who comes from Washington D . C .
Country music has its origins in the blues and one of its performers is Al Anderson of NRBQ .
The 3rd runway at Abilene Regional airport is 7202 feet .
Gram flour is an ingredient of a Bhajji which comes from the Karnataka region in India .
Bionico , a dessert made with honey , is a food found in Mexico . The leader of Mexico is Enrique Peña Nieto .
The total area , of Albany ( Georgia ) , is 144 . 7 square kilometres .
Aenir is written by Australians in English and followed Above the Veil .
Albany , Oregon is in the U . S . where English is the language spoken . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader in Malaysia .
Attica , Indiana is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana in the U . S . The capital of the United States is Washington DC .
The Tennessee Titans are based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee and are the team with which Akeem Ayers made his debut . Another former team of his is the Los Angeles Rams which is based in LA .
Granola is a key ingredient in Bionico , which like ice cream is a type of dessert .
lpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , the airport is 210m above sea level .
Vermont Secretary of State and 3rd Congressional District representative Alvah Sabin is from Vermont ( which includes largest city , Burlington ) .
Dave Challinor , manager of AFC Fylde , played for Stockport County F . C .
Aaron S Daggett took part in the Battle of Salem Church , which was part of the American Civil War , where Jefferson Davis was a commander .
Asilomar Conference Grounds in Pacific Grove , California , reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places , was constructed in 1913 .
Amsterdam - Centrum is part of Amsterdam where The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
The debut team of Akeem Ayers was the Tennessee Titans .
An ingredient in batchoy are noodles and they originate from the Philippines .
FC Kuban Krasnodar club member , Aleksandr Prudnikov , plays for FC Spartak Moscow , the home ground of which , is Otkrytiye Arena .
Joe Biden is a leader in the U . S . which has a Native American group in it . The Bacon Explosion comes from the U . S .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door model and the wheelbase is 2160 mms .
The AMC Matador model was manufactured during 1971 by the Australian Motor Industry and is a similar means of transportation to the AMC Ambassador .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Balgalore , India was established in 2000 . The director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it ' s president is B . M . Reddy .
The Audi A1 is made in Brussels , Belgium and has a front engine , front - wheel drive layout and a 1 . 2 l engine . That car is classed as a supermini vehicle .
Suburban Legend ' s genre is pop music .
The Acura TLX , manufactured by Honda , has a V6 engine and is related to the Honda Accord . Honda Co . includes Acura .
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Spain . He was the Minister of Transport while in office .
A Fortress of Gray is written in English and comes from the United States where the Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Peter Stoger , who plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling is also the manager of FC Kolin . He is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and previously played for the club LASK Linz .
The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA and had the following crew : William Anders who served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 and spent 8820 minutes in space ; Buzz Aldrin who was a backup pilot and Frank Borman who was a crew member .
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade , the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed . Baade was born in the German Empire , graduated from the University of Gottingen and later died in West Germany .
The Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group in the Philippines .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996 . It has 600 students . The Swiss leader is Johann Schneider - Ammann .
The orbital period of 103 Hera is 1622 . 213 days .
Trance music player Andrew Rayel is associated with musical artists Armin van Buuren and Bobina . Trance originated from Pop music .
The OCLC number of A Fortress of Grey Ice is 51969173 .
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and was launched on its maiden flight on 9 January 2014 from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS - 3 , the total production amount is 1418 and the length is 17068 . 8 millimetres .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association and its called Universitas Aarhusiensis in latin .
Spanish is spoken in Texas , the location of Abilene and Houston ( the largest city ) . The state is located in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC .
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolsburg , where his manager is Dieter Hecking . He has also played for Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga .
Bhaji is made from gram flour and vegetables and comes from India .
Maya Rudolph starred in the film Big Hero 6 , in which Baymax is a character .
609 is the area code of Atlantic City , N . J .
Jazz musician , Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the record label Stanyan Records and is signed with the record label Stanyan Records .
Buzz Aldrin was an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . In 1963 , he was selected as part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 crew . He has retired .
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin F . C . at the Palo Seco Velodrome . He now plays for Ferencvarosi TC . Mr . Adams passed away in Budapest , Hungary .
Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located and serves the city of Lahore . The airport , located in Punjab , is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans . It is written in English , which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Bacon Explosion is served as a main course and contains both bacon and sausage .
Abraham A Ribicoff , married to Casey Ribicoff , was born in Connecticut in the United States . One of the ethnic groups in the US is the Native Americans .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in Sidcup , London where Boris Johnson and the Parliament of the United Kingdom are leaders .
The Association for Computing Machinery is the publisher of ACM Transactions on information systems and is headquartered in New York City .
Bolt is created by Ernie Colon .
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Singapore and Indonesia .
Alex Tyus is in the Euroleague .
English is the language spoken in the United States .
Auburn is in Pierce County , Washington , in the U . S . , the capital of which is Washington , D . C .
Alison O ' Donnell performs jazz music . Funk is a derivative of Jazz , in which the clarinet is used .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and plays for the Soviet Union national football team .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , is located in the United States , where there is an ethnic group called White Americans .
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where the dish known as Baked Alaska can be found .
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton . Greenville is part of Ellington , Wisconsin . Appleton belongs to Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Jones County , Texas , United States .
In Spain , people pay for the traditional arros negre dish with the Euro .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin who was born in Birmingham which has the postcode area ' B ' and is where the Liberal Democrats are the leaders .
1st Baron , John Reith was the founder of the BBC .
The runway length at Amsterdam Airport , Schiphol is 3400 . 0 .
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms .
Area codes for Arlington , Texas are : 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 .
Adonis Georgiadis , who was born in Greece , served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister .
The biggest city in the U . S . is New York City .
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science . He became a member of the Apollo 11 crew after being hired by NASA in 1963 .
Alan Martin plays football for the the Clyde FC club at The Broadwood Stadium .
Al Anderson from the NRBQ band was a member of The Wildweeds and uses the musical genre , country music .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia which is in the United States . African Americans are an ethnic group in the US .
Atlantic City , in New Jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 sq . km . It has an area code of 609 and the Clerk leads this city .
With its capital of Austin , Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where there are Texans .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial , which is made from red granite and white marble , is located in Azerbaijan which is home to the National Assembly and has Baju as its capital .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18th November 1923 . He graduated with a M . A . in 1957 from NWC and went on to become a test pilot . Alan Shepard died in California .
Buzz Aldrin was an American who was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey . He was part of NASA ' s Apollo 11 crew , along with backup pilot William Anders .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
The largest city in New Jersey is Newark .
2 / 20 is the name of the runway of Andrews County Airport .
Cephalopod ink is an ingredient in Arròs negre .
300 North LaSalle , Illinois , with 60 floors , was designed by Pickard Chilton and completed in 2009 .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock , which has has its stylistic origins in Punk rock and has the sub genre Christian alternative rock . Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock .
Asam pedas is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula .
A Severed Wasp has the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
Andra began her singing career in 2000 and her musical genre is rhythm and blues from which funk is derived . Rhythm and blues oirginated from blues music .
The capital of Romania is Bucharest . The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University and the home of one of the ethnic groups of Romania who are the Germans of Romania .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov , built in Helsinki , Finland , is currently in service .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom where they speak English . Variations on the sandwich include the BLT and club sandwich .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County , Georgia .
The fourth runway at Andrews County Airport is 25 feet long .
Lemon , part of the rutaceae family , is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa , a dish from the Antioquia Department region .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written in the United States . The main language of the US is English , originated in Great Britain . The capital of the US is Washington D . C .
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where , in the Guadalajara region , the food Bionico comes from . Just like cake , Bionico is a type of dessert .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya and his club is Al Shorta SC .
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands which is led by Mark Rutte . She was a resident of Doesburg and worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib .
Elliot See was an American born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin . He was a test pilot . He died in St Louis in 1966 .
Barny Cakes have 18 . 0g of carbohydrates .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the AS Lyon - Duchere club .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is from Argentina whose capital is Buenos Aires and was built by Cammell Laird .
Adam Holloway was born in Faverhsam . His alma mater wasMagdalene College in Cambridge .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio , United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . The country is led by Barack Obama and African Americans are an ethnic group .
The rhythm and blues singer Andra has worked with fellow vocalist Puya .
Johann Schneider - Ammann is the leader of Switzerland which is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in the city of Mendrisio , Ticino . There are 600 students at the Accademia which was established in 1996 .
The 3Arena is located at the North Wall Quay .
Iraq is led by Fuad Masum .
410777 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and its epoch date is 27 June 2015 .
Asam pedas is a dish from Malaysia where the leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and the capital city is Kuala Lumpur .
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan B . Miller Hall in the United States .
Association Football Club Fylde , abbreviated to A . F . C Fylde , has 3180 members and its ground is in Lancashire .
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor has an academic staff size of 250 people .
The native people of the United Kingdom are led by Elizabeth II and are known as British . The Parliament of the UK is the leader of London , the capital city , and the country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
William Anders graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 .
Amarillo is part of Potter County and Randall County in Texas , U . S . Canyon is the county seat of Randall County in Texas .
AIDA Cruises ( located in Germany ) is the owner of AIDAluna , which is powered by Caterpillar Inc . Caterpillar Inc . was founded in California , United States .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and held office as Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally .
Aaron Bertram , whose genre is Ska punk , plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band . Ska punk music origins are punk rock .
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA - 3 .
Addis Ababa Stadium is part of Addid Ababa .
William Anders was born on October 17 , 1933 .
Apollo 8 had three crew members in the form of backup pilot Buzz Aldrin , Frank Borman and William Anders . Anders was born in British Hong Kong where Chris Patten served as a representative .
Al Asad airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force . It has a runway name of 09L / 27R with a length of 3990 . 0 .
The runway name of Afonso Pena International Airport is 15 / 33 .
Plymouth Plaza is related to the 1955 Dodge .
Jens Härtel , previously of Berliner AK 07 and FC Sachsen Leipzig , is now a player for 1 . FC Lokomotive Leipzig whilst managing 1 FC Magdeburg .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake and Lake Placid both in New York . Saranac Lake is part of Essex County where you will also find Harriestown .
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is typical Colombian cuisine .
Adam Holloway , who was born in Kent , began his career in the Grenadier Guards on 5th May 2005 . He had previously attended Magdalene College in Cambridge .
Arem arem comes from Indonesia where the language is known as Indonesian .
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar as well as playing for the ADO Den Haag and the De Graafschap .
Barny cakes can be made with apple . They contain 1 . 8g of protein , 4 . 8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbohydrate .
1099 Figneria travels at an average speed of 16 . 37 kilometres per second .
Atlanta is mostly part of DeKalb County in Georgia .
Akeem Ayers ' former team is St . Louis Rams which are based in the city of St . Louis . Akeem Ayers made his debut for American Football team , the Tennessee Titans , which is based in the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
Aenir , an Australian novel , is a sequel to Castle and a prequel to Above the Veil .
Aaron S . Daggett , who was born in Maine , fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart .
Chicago , Cook County , Illinois is home to 300 North LaSalle and their leader is Rahm Emanuel .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) , with 5000 members , play in the Hoofdklasse league .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was selected by NASA in 1963 after attending AFIT , M . S . 1962 and retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins which originated in the United States , publishes the journal AIDS .
Houston is the largest city in Texas where Arlington is located in Tarrant County . The county seat is Fort Worth and the state capital is Austin .
William Anders retired 1969 - 09 - 01 .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is made with red granite and white marble .
The epoch date for 66391 1999 KW4 , which has a density of 2 gm per cu cm , is 2004 . 07 . 14 . It ' s escape velocity is zero , it has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 .
1097 Vicia has an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 kilometres .
Baked Alaska hails from Hong Kong and also found in the USA . Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients .
White Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . which is led by the President . Joe Biden is a leader in that country . 250 Delaware Ave . is in the U . S .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 .
One the ethnic groups on Sumatra is the Acehnese people .
Adam Maher ' s club is PSV Eindhoven which is managed by Phillip Cocu , and he plays for the Netherlands National club for players under 17 .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan Moyine , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin , and Alexandra Badoi . Trance has its origins in pop .
Albany , Oregon has area codes 541 and 458 .
Adare Manor is in the Republic of Ireland , which has Enda Kenny as leader , Irish as the national language , and the demonym of natives who live there is Irish people .
St . Vincent – St . Mary High School is located in the city of Akron , Ohio .
Alan Frew is from Newmarket , Ontario , Canada . He is a solo singer and plays with Glass Tiger band .
The Turkish leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and although the largest city is Istanbul , the capital is Ankara . Izmir is the location of the Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica in bronze and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport . This airport ' s 1st runway is made from Poaceae and it has a runway length of 497 . 0 .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred in Bananaman , which is broadcast by STV .
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music , the genre of NRBQ band member and singer , Al Anderson .
Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar , who was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President . Mike Akhigbe belonged to the Nigerian Navy branch of the Military .
Aaron Turner is associated with the group Greymachine and the band Isis .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert created in 1820 at the Rutland Arms in Bakewell . It contains ground almonds , jam butter and eggs .
Cornish language is spoken in England .
Baked Alaska comes from France where leaders include Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher . It is also served in Hong Kong where they speak Chinese .
" Mayor " is the title of the leader in Atlantic City , New Jersey , which is led by Don Guardian . With a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres , Atlantic City , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre , and the area code , 609 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where the capital is Washington DC . The population of the US includes the White Americans and the language spoken is English ( which is also spoken in Great Britain ) .
Roger Stern is the creator of the comic character , Blockbuster .
The Atlas II was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . It is 3 . 04 m in diameter and had its last launch on Dec . 5 , 2002 .
Located in Pacific Grove , California , Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913 , added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27nd February 1987 and is in the architectural style of the " Arts and Crafts Movement and American Craftsman Bungalows " .
Abel Hernandez plays for US Citta di Palermo and the Uraguay under 20 team .
The successor of the Aston Martin DBS , is the Aston Martin Vantage . Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8 which was assembled in the United Kingdom . The ruler of the United Kingdom is Queen Elizabeth II .
The leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain . The county uses the euro for its currency , and is also where Arròs negre is from .
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 . She is a solo singer who performs pop music . Pop music is an element of the fusion genre , disco .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport serving the city of Lahore and located in Punjab , Pakistan . The country is led by Nawaz Sharif .
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by the politician James W Reid .
Mexican Spanish is the language spoken in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Ice cream and bionico , a food in Mexico , are served for dessert .
The Alfa Romeo , also known as the Alfa Romeo 168 , has a straight - four engine , a 5 - speed manual transmission and is considered a mid - size luxury executive car .
The Asam pedas is popular in Indonesia .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger , he has played for SC Wiener Neustadt and is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club .
The Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan has three floors .
AC Lumezzane play in Italy where the capital city is Rome and the official language is Italian . The leader of the Italian people is Pietro Grasso , .
The musician Andrew White was signed to the record label Fiction .
The Battle of Antietam was part of the American Civil war conflict .
Th Battle of Gettysburg was part of the American Civil War conflict .
A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000 in Gettysburg municipality in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County , Pennsylvania to its north . The monument falls under the category of Contributing property .
Walter Baade was the one to discover 1036 Ganymed . He studied at the University of Gottingen and Halton Arp was one of his doctoral students .
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II , which originates in the United States . The launch site of the Delta II was at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 .
Athens is located in Greece and is served by the Athens International Airport . The leader of Greece is Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
In the season 2014 - 2015 AFC Blackpool , who have 1500 members played in the North West Counties Football League . The full name of the club , who are based at their ground in Blackpool , is " Association Football Club Blackpool " .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses an aircraft fighter called the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle and which was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom .
Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council .
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey in the United States . The airport serves Atlantic city whose leader is Don Guardian .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia , Spain and belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin whose home town is Birmingham , a town where Khalid Mahmood ( British politician ) is one of the leaders .
Alan Bean is an American , born in Wheeler , Texas .
A Long Long Way came before the book " The Secret Scripture " .
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway with the length of 2777 . 0 meters .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Spanish region of the Valencian Community where the leader is Ximo Puig . The ethnic group in the country are the Spaniards .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the club AS Lyon - Duchère .
Aenir has a total of 233 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
Elliot See , born in Dallas , which is in Collin County , Texas , graduated from the University of Texas in Austin . The Austin University with it ' s mascot Hook ' em is affiliated to the Texas University system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference .
Alan Ftizsimmons discovered 1993 SB which has an epoch of 6th March 2006 .
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the band NRBQ .
Airey Neave was awarded the Distinguished Service Order .
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University , affiliated with the Association of American Universities , whose president is Elizabeth Grant .
AZ Alkmaar , who has 17023 members , played in the 2014 season .
The singer Andra , whose genre is Pop music , is associated with both Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan .
Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc which was founded in California . The company is located in Illinois and provides the engine power for the AIDAluna .
Bakso is made in China and Indonesia ( capital Jakarta ) . Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia .
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore .
Paula Sousa , manager of ACF Florentina , is attached to club Inter Milan .
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark .
Adam Koc , who fought in the Polish – Soviet War was awarded both the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Cross of Independence .
St Vincent - St Mary High School ( loc : Akron , Ohio , US ) is the ground of Akron Summit Assault .
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States .
The United States Air force operate Al Asad airbase which is located at Al Anbar Province in Iraq . The base has a runway length of 3990 . 0 which is named 09L / 27R .
Native Americans are the ethnic group in the United States , the country of birth of Abraham A . Ribicoff , in Connecticut . American , Abraham A . Ribicoff , is married to Ruth Ribicoff .
Footballer , Steve Davis , manages Crewe Alexandra F . C .
Ice cream is a type of dessert . So too is Bionico , which requires granola as one of its ingredients .
The dessert , Blackwell pudding , includes : ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Alan Bean , who was a crew member on Apollo 12 , was born 1932 . 03 . 15 in Wheeler Texas has now retired .
William Anders was a member of the Apollo 8 crew .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House , constructed in 1911 , is located in Asherton , Texas , and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on " 1988 - 11 - 22 " with the reference number 88002539 .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , which is in Steuben County in the United States .
Spaniards is the name for the people of Spain and one of the traditional dishes there is Arròs negre .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and serves the city of Antwerp .
London is the capital city in the UK .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and his club was FC Torpedo Moscow .
Angola International airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo , Luanda Province , Angola , and has the runway name of 05L / 23R .
1967 ED was the former name of 1000 Piazzia which has an epoch date of 27 June 2015 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 . The escape velocity is 0 . 0252 km per sec and the periapsis measurement is 352497000000 . 0 .
With an epoch date of December 31st 2006 , 1099 Figneria , has a mass of 2 . 7 kg and the orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
The runway length of Al Asad Airbase , located in Iraq , is 3078 . 48 .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is found in England ( capital : London ) , and is dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson , a Canadian . He died in Madison , Wisconsin . The orbital period of 103 Hera is 1622 . 213 days .
Ab Klink , born in Stellendam , went to the Erasmus University Rotterdam .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba , which is part of the State of Parana and led by the Democratic Labour Party of Brazil .
Turkey ' s largest City is Istanbul .
Ethiopia is led by Mulatu Teshome and has the spoken language of Amharic , and is the location of Addis Ababa City Hall , which can be found in Addis Ababa .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , US . The monument is owned by the National Park Service . The nearest city to the battlefield is Frederick , Maryland .
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9 . 8kg and an apoapsis of 511592000 . 0 km .
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from , one of the ethnic groups there is the Zamboangans and the spoken language is Philippine Spanish .
The Airports Authority of India is the operating organisation of Agra Airport which is located in India and has the location identifier VIAG .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force who are the operating organisation of Agra Airport . The airport is located in India where Narendra Modi is the leader .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece .
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education .
Alessio Romagnoli , who has represented Italy at under 16 level , and has played for A . S . Roma , is now at AC Milan , where the manager is Siniša Mihajlović and the chairman is Silvio Berlusconi .
110 Lydia has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km per sec , a temperature of 168 kelvins and an apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Akeem Priestley plays for Orange County Blues FC that is managed by Oliver Wyss . He played for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga league .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States a country where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans . Also where A Wizard of Mars originates from .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in English which is the spoken language in Great Britain . However the book comes from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . Washington DC is the capital in that country .
In Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , United States , where English is spoken , the leader is called the United States House of Representatives , which is part of United States Congress . Richard J . Berry is the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel .
AZAL PFK stands for " AZAL Peşəkar Futbol Klubu " and they have 3500 members . AZAL PFK Bakou is playing in the Azerbaijan Premier League , 2014 – 15 .
Abel Hernandez ' s club is the Uruguay national under 20 football team .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is found in Punjab , Pakistan . Lahore is served by this airport . A leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Akeem Dent who used to play for Houston Texans was born in Atlanta , Georgia on 27 September 1987 .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , who played for Unione Triestina 2012 S . S . D .
Albennie Jones is a jazz artist who was born in the U . S . A .
Gus Poyet is in the Real Zaragoza club .
William Anders was a fighter pilot who joined NASA in 1963 . He was part of Apollo 8 ' s crew , along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin .
AFC Fylde competed in the 2014 season .
Elliot See , deceased , competed in the Big 12 Conference , and graduated from University of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with University of Texas System .
English is spoken in Austin thats the capital of Texas in the US . Abilene is also a part of Texas however the largest city in the United States is New York City , .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect , John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . With the postcode ' ' B ' ' , Birmingham is run by Birmingham City Council with Khalid Mahmood as one of its leaders .
A variant of the Bakewell pudding is the Bakewell tart , a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire . The ingredients of Bakewell tart include fruit preserve .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in 1948 .
Born in Sweden was a soloist called Ace Wilder . He was occupied as a singer .
The American Journal of Mathematics is published bimonthly .
Albany , Georgia , is in the United States , where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups . The English speaking inhabitants of this country , are known as Americans .
Elliot See ' s attended University of Texas at Austin which competed in Big 12 Conference and is affiliated with the University of Texas system .
Alfred Garth Jones was born 1872 in Manchester , UK in England . He passed away in Sidcup .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece . The capital of the country is Athens and the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina , where the Spanish language is spoken . He died in the city of Buenos Aires , which is led by Diego Santilli and governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature .
Albennie Jones , who was born in Errata , Mississippi , is a R and B solo singer . Rhythm and blues comes from the blues and R and B helped create disco many years later .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , similar to the Saab 9000 , was assembled in Italy , whose capital is Rome .
Brown sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which are popular in the UK .
1036 Ganymed had its epoch date on October 22nd 2004 and has an orbital period of 374976 . 0 seconds . Its apoapsis is 611961000 . 0 and its periapsis is 184434000000 . 0 .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War , where Alfred Moore Scales fought in battles such as the Battle of Fredericksburg . Alfred Moore Scales came from the United States where African Americans represent one of the many ethnic groups .
Albany in Georgia has a population density of 535 people per square kilometer .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages and was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint . The print copies have the ISBN number of 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio .
11264 Claudiomaccone , discovered by Nikolai Chernykh , has an average speed of 18 . 29 km per second and epoch date of 26 November 2005 . Its periapsis is at 296521000 . 0 km and its apoapsis is 475426000 km .
Finland is led by Juha Sipila .
Ashgabat International Airport ' s is 211 metres above sea level and its 3rd runway is 2953 ft in length .
1928 PC was the former name of 1097 Vicia .
Agustin Barboza ' s background is that of solo singer .
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC and has an epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 . The orbital period is 5 . 75 days .
Aaron Bertram , who was a member of the band Kids Imagine Nation , plays for the ska band Suburban Legends , together with the trombonist Brian Robertson .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Joe Biden and the capital city is Washington DC .
Canadian , James Craig Watson , the discoverer of 103 Hera , died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell is signed with London ' s Deram Records and Static Caravan Recordings .
The celestial body known as ( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 , which has an epoch date of 4 November 2013 , was formerly called 1999 SN5 and was discovered by Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research . It has a periapsis measuring 41498400000 . 0 and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
Jacob Zuma is the leader of South Africa which is also the location of 11 Diagonal Street .
Chris Patten represented British Hong Kong .
The epoch date for 1099 Figneria is 31 December 2006 . It ' s former name was 1928 RQ . The periapsis of 1099 Figneria is 34920600000 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems ( abbreviated to ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . ) has the ISSN number 1046 - 8188 .
The AMC Matador model was manufactured during 1971 and it was assembled in Port Melbourne , Victoria .
At an elevation of 210 metres above sea level , Alpena County Regional Airport has a runway length is 2744 . 0 and is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
Akeem Adams ' club is Central FC .
Albuquerque , New Mexico has area codes 505 and 575 .
Amarillo is part of the state of Texas in the United States .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and he died in the U . S . Albert Jennings Fountain battled in the American Civil War where the commander was Jefferson Davis .
Native Americans an ethnic group in the United States , where Abraham A . Ribicoff was born , in Connecticut . This makes him a United States national . He is married to Ruth Ribicoff .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , in the United States and is led by the Albuquerque City Council , whose leader is Richard J Berry . English is the language of the United States and The Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae , which belongs to the division of flowering plants . Poaceae - from the order of the Poales - class is Monocotyledon , which is the order of the Commelinids .
Ice cream is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dish found in the US , Hong Kong , New York and Paris .
Disco can be thought of as fusion music , because it includes elements of other genres of music , including pop as played by Allen Forrest .
Texas is the location of Andrews County Airport and has the capital city of Austin . The inhabitants of Texas are known as Texans and the Spanish language is spoken .
Anders Osborne is associated with the band , Galactic and with Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars .
Beef kway teow , originating in Indonesia , is a dish found in Singapore . Its main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
A severed Wasp was written in English in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Bakso is a Chinese dish which can be found in Indonesia , where the capital is Jakarta and the leaders are Jusuf Kalla and Joko Widodo .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala and it has 250 academic staff . Kerala has Mahe , India to its northwest .
The language in the United States is English .
Led by Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and an affiliate of Visvesvaraya Technological University , Acharya Institute of Technology is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 .
The comic character Asterix is sometimes called " Astérix " .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War , one of the battles that was part of it was the Battle of Antietam which Aaron S . Daggett fought in .
The leader of Pakistan is Nawaz Sharif .
A . D . Isidro Metapán is playing in it ' s ground at Metapán and has 10000 members .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , and also Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) in New York , United States .
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265 kelvins , an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and its periapsis is 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
The Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where A Wizard of Mars was published . The book was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party .
1089 Tama , formerly known as " A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; " , has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . Its epoch is 26th November 2005 .
Rolando Maran is in the Carrarese Calcio club .
The asteroid 10 Hygiea was discovered by Annibale de Gasparis and has an apoapsis of 523 , 951 , 582 . 33968 kilometres . It travels at an average speed of 16 . 6 kilometres a second , has a periapsis of 416 , 136 , 000 , 000 kilometres and epoch of June 27th , 2015 .
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
Albert B White , who was married to Agnes Ward White , is a member of the Republican Party of the United States . His career began on March 4th 1901 , ended on March 4th 1905 and he was succeeded by William M O Dawson .
Darien , Connecticut is the birthplace of Alfred N . Phillips , who worked as Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from Connecticut ' s 4th district .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in the United States was established in the year 2000 , and is categorized as a Contributing Property .
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3310 . 0 and is found in Punjab , Pakistan .
The music Bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from Rock music . Al Anderson plays rock music in the NRBQ and the style has its origins in Blues .
Footballer , Abner was born 30th May 1996 .
Canada has ; Elizabeth II for a leader , O Canada as a national anthem , French as one of the languages spoken and is the birth country of , Aaron Boogaard .
Aarhus Airport runway name is 10L / 28R .
The 11 / 29 runway in Afonso Pena International airport in Sao Jose dos Pinhais has a length of 2215 . 0 .
103 Colmore Row , in Birmingham , England , was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham ; it was completed in 1976 .
The leaders of Catalonia are the Parliament of Catalonia and in this region you can find Arros negre .
A bacon sandwich is from the United Kingdom and is a variation of BLT .
A Severed Wasp is from the United State where Barack Obama is president .
United States Ambassador to Norway , William Anders , was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from his alma Mater , AFIT , in 1962 with an M . S .
Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician and pianist . Indie rock is known for the guitar and originates from New Wave and garage rock .
Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain . The main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
Aleksander Barkov Jr , who plays for the Florida Panthers , was born in Tampere , Finland on 2 September 1995 .
The hardcover book 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and has the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Big Hero 6 is a Disney Studios Motion Picture which stars Alan Tudyk and has Baymax as a character .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is in the Jinnah International Airport .
Adonis Georgiadis , member of the Greek New Democratic Party , was born in Greece .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
The asteroid called 10 Hygiea has an epoch date of 27th June 2015 .
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines , where the official language is Philippine English and where Arabic is also spoken . Ethnic groups from the country include the Ilocano people and the Chinese Filpino .
Based at Bryning Lane , the Association Football Club Fylde ( A . F . C . Fylde ) , has 3180 members and has played the 2014 - 15 season in the Football Conference .
Abarth was founded by Carlo Abarth .
The capital of the United States , where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group , is Washington DC . Auburn , Alabama is located in the country .
Allan Shivers started his active career on July 11th 1949 .
The 108 St . Georges Terrace in Perth , Australia , has a floor count of 50 .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , UK in England . He died in London .
Atlas II originates from the United States , whose capital is Washington D . C . The title of the leader of United States is The President of the United States and one of its ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
Abilene is part of Taylor County in Texas , United States . The capital of the U . S . is Washington DC and English is its official language .
The epoch of 1101 Clematis , formely known as 1928 SJ , is 31 December 2006 and it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and is located in Buffalo , New York .
Footballer , Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi whose manager is Levan Khomeriki . He plays also for the Olympique Lyonnais club whose owner is Jean - Michel Aulas and whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rock and roll music .
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is the language spoken , as in Great Britain . The book " A Loyal Character Dancer " was published in the US by Soho Press .
The reference number in the the National Register of Historic Places for Asilomar Conference Grounds is 87000823 .
Aaron Turner who played for the Greymachine band is an artist for the band Isis and a performer of the musical genre Post metal .
With an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days , 1089 Tama , has an average speed of 19 . 94 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C is based in Brazil .
One of the ethnic groups of the United States are the African Americans .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States and its leader is the United States House of Representatives . The House of Representatives forms part of the U . S . Congress . Barack Obama is a leader in the U . S . where English is the spoken language .
The Alhambra was 63800 . 0 millimetres long .
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart .
Malays and Malaysian Indians are ethnic groups in Malaysia , a country led by Abdul Halim of Kedah . Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia .
Andrew White started his career in 2003 . Andrew White is in the band Kaiser Chiefs and his record label is Fiction . He is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow .
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and he was in office whilst Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch . He was also in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister , whose predecessor was Rodolfo Llopis .
Akeem Ayers ' former team was Tennessee Titans .
The area code for Amarillo , Texas is 806 .
The United States , which has the capital city of Washington DC , is also the location of Attica , part of Fountain County in Indiana .
Alan Frew is a solo singer from Canada . He was born in Newmarket , Ontario in 1956 .
Sportpark De Toekomst belongs to amateur AFC Ajax .
Production , of the Alvis Speed 25 which is classed as a full - size luxury car , began in 1937 . It has a straight - six engine and a wheelbase of 127 inches , along with a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
Joko Widodo is the leader in Indonesia .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba , South Region , Brazil .
Marry Banilow is associated with the musician Andrew genre white set is the alternative rock that originated from the new wave music , which when merged originates Nu metal .
Alan Marti , who played football for Motherwell F . C . , played football for Clyde F . C . Barry Ferguson is the manager for Clyde F . C . which call there football ground , Broadwood Stadium .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County and DeKalb County , both located in Georgia , United States .
Elliot See was a test pilot born in Dallas . He graduated from university of Texas at Austin , which is affiliated with University of Texas System .
The bacon explosion took place in the U . S . A . where Paul Ryan is leader . The country ' s capital is Washington , D . C . The president leads the U . S . and among its ethnic groups are white Americans .
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Italy , both this vehicle and the Saab 9000 are cars .
The Valencian Community has Ximo Puig as their leader and the dish arros negre comes from that region of Spain .
The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans . The country is the location of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
English is the spoken language in Great Britain and the United States . In the United States , Washington D . C . is the capital , white Americans live there and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written .
U . S . Republican Party member Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White . He retired 03 / 04 / 1905 .
Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , born in Miri , Malasia , was in office during Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman Vice Presidency and was the suceessor to Abdul Taib Mahmud .
Vajubhai Vala is the leader of the Karnataka region in India where Bhajji originates from .
The banana leaf , an ingredient found in Arem arem , is an Indonesian dish , most popular in Java .
Found in the Andalusia region , Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa which is is part of Colombian cuisine .
The 1955 Dodge , manufactured by Dodge , has a wheelbase of 120 inches and a V8 engine .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He attended the U of Texas at Austin and received a BSc in 1955 . Bean was a test pilot and a part of Apollo 12 , which was run by NASA and where David Scott was the commander .
From the United States , Abraham A . Ribicoff , was born in the U . S . He was a member of the U . S . Democratic Party and worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare . Abraham A . Ribicoff died in New York City .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the leader is Piero Grasso and Italian is the spoken language .
Punjab is found in the country Pakistan .
1001 Gaussia , has an orbital period of 5 . 75 days , and its epoch is on 31 July 2016 .
Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Punjab , Pakistan , where the Allama Iqbal International airport is located and serves the city of Lahore .
Finland , where the people are known as Finns , is led by Juha Sipila and Sauli Niinisto . The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki which is located in the country .
Audi e - tron is a division of Audi which is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and was founded by August Horch .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada and is 1 . 905m in height and is a member of the Wichita Thunders .
Attica , Indiana is part of the United States and their population density is 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre . The area of Attica Indiana is 4 . 14 SqKm and is 166 above sea level .
The United States is the location of Atlanta , and includes the ethnic group of Native Americans .
Kill Rock Stars are located in Portland , Oregon .
The location of Aarhus Airport is Tirstrup , part of Central Denmark .
Allan Shivers was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States .
Akeen Priestley plays for the Jacksonville Dolphins in Jacksonville , Florida and also for the Orange County Blues whose manager is Oliver Wyss .
Akeem Adams ' former clubs include T & TEC Sports club and United Petrotrin FC , the latter of which play their home games in Palo Seco .
Aleksandre Guruli played for Parc Olympique based club Olympique Lyonnais . He has also played for FC Dinamo Batumi , managed by Levan Khomeriki .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a LCCN number of 60040714 and the abbreviation of Acta Palaeontol . Pol . It comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology .
The AIDAluna had its maiden voyage on the 22nd of March 2009 . It is powered by a Caterpillar Inc . engine and is 252000 . 00 mm in length .
The elevation above the sea level ( in metres ) of Athens International Airport is 94 .
Appleton International Airport , which serves the city of Appleton , is found in Greenville , Wisconsin . Greenville is part of Ellington in the state while Appleton is part of Little Chute , Wisconsin .
the language of Spain is Spanish .
Albuquerque , New Mexico ( United States ) , is led by the New Mexico Senate , which has John Sánchez as one of the leaders .
Johns Hopkins University Press is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University in the United States . They publish The American Journal of Mathematics which has the ISSN number of 0002 - 9327 .
Saranac Lake , which is served by Adirondack Regional Airport , is part of Harrietstown , Essex County , New York , US .
Al Anderson from the rock band NRBQ band was a member of The Wildweeds . Rock music originated from country music ( which is associated with banjos ) , and A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , is led by the New Mexico House of representatives and covers an area of 490 . 9 square kilometres .
The operating organisation of Antwerp International airport is the Flemish government who have jurisdiction of the Flemish Region .
The comic character Auron ( Lambien ) was created by both Marv Wolfman and American national Karl Kesel .
Aaron Deer as an Indie rock musician who comes from Indiana in the United states . He is a solo singer and musician for the band John Wilkes Booze .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , which counts African Americans among its ethnic groups .
Bacon Explosion , containing sausage , is from the Kansas City metropolitan area .
1634 : Th Bavarian Crisis , a 448 page hardcover written by Eric Flint can be located by its ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
Established in 1928 and with a current staff of 737 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s music genre is Psychedelic folk .
Malaysia includes the Malaysian chinese and is a locale for the dish : Asam pedas .
Abraham A . Ribicoff is a member of the Democratic Party in the U . S . A .
Olympique Lyonnais play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais and are chaired by Jean - Michel Aulas . Aleksandre Guruli , whose club is Olympique Lyonnais , played for FC Dinamo Batumi which is managed by , Levan Khomeriki .
101 Helena has an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 , a periapsis of 331683000 . 0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan ; its runway length is 3 , 310 .
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs , an escape velocity of 0 . 02 k . p . s and its epoch date was on 31 December 2006 . It has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 .
Some information about Antioch , California are as follows : its UTC offset is - 7 , the area code is 925 , and it has the post codes 94509 and 94531 . Antioch ' s population is 102372 , and the total area of the city is 75 . 324 square kilometres .
Angola is located at 324 metres above sea level in Steuben County , Indiana , in the United States . It has a total area of 16 . 55 sq km and a population density of 524 . 5 inhabitants per sq km .
Paulo Sousa is the manager of the ACF Fiorentina , he played at the Inter Milan club .
Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan B . Miller Hall which is located in the United States .
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia along with Mulatu Teshome . Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the country in the city of Addis Ababa .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , in Uruguay , the leader of which , is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez .
1001 Gaussia ' s previously known as A911 MD epoch date is 2015 - 06 - 27 .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the US founded American Locomotive Company .
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish Ayam Penyet . This is a dish from both Malaysia and Indonesia .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion has 512 pages .
The Tennessee Titans were Akeem Ayers debut team . He played also for the LA Rams that are based in that same city and play at LA Memorial Coliseum . The coach for the Rams is Jeff Fisher .
Elliot See was a US national , who was born in Dallas . He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . He was a test pilot who died in St . Louis .
Battle of Chancellorsville was part of the American Civil War conflict .
Punjab , Pakistan is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab .
Tony Tan is the leader is Singapore where the currency is the dollar and Beef kway teow is a popular dish .
Greenville , Wisconsin is part of Dale , Wisconsin which is in the United States . It is served by the Appleton International Airport .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport .
Clyde F . C . player , Alan Martin played football for Accrington Stanley F . C . , in Accrington .
The musical genre of Ace Wilder is hip hop music , whose sub - genre is gangsta rap . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music , which has its origin in disco music .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it was established in 2000 .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , United States .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States which has many Asian Americans . Joe Biden is a leader in the U . S .
The book Aenir was written by Australians .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , whose capital is Rome . Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy and the language spoken is Italian .
The printed book Above The Veil is 248 pages long and the author is Garth Nix .
Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome in Italy . It includes tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia whose capital is Putrajaya .
The comic character Auron , whose full name is Lambien , was created by Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson .
The United States Air Force , who is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , fought battles in the Korean war . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft fighter .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen .
The 1955 Dodge , manufactured by Dodge , is related to DeSoto Custom and Plymouth Plaza as means of transportation ; the key person of Dodge is Sergio Marchionne .
US national Buzz Aldrin , fighter pilot and Apollo 11 crew member , was born in Glen Ridge , NJ , but graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc . D in 1963 .
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Roland Desmond .
Nikos Voutsis and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in Greece where the demonym of the inhabitants is Greeks . The city of Athens in the country is served by Athens International airport .
English is the language of the United States which has the capital city of Washington , D . C . and an ethnic group called African Americans . The city of Albany is part of Benton County , Oregon and is in the U . S .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , who was born on 24 February 1989 , played for FC Spartak Moscow and his current club is FC Dynamo Moscow .
Mamnoon Hussain is a leader of Pakistan which is where the city of Lahore is . This city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Punjab Pakistan .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe , designed by Italy ' s Gruppo Bertone , was made by Abarth .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
Aaron Turner is a black metal singer with the Lotus Eaters band and Mamiffer . Death metal is a fusion of black metal .
Diane Duane wrote A Wizard of Mars which is available in print form .
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of many buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Los Angeles Herald Examiner , Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach .
Newark is the largest city in New Jersey , Atlantic City is also located in the state .
Originating from Washington D . C . , Ahmet Ertegun died in the U . S . the country where one of the ethnic groups is , African Americans .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , which is in Steuben County in the United States . It has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
Auburn is located within the state of Washington where Olympia is the capital .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom .
Born in New Britain , Connecticut , Abraham A . Ribicoff , was the Governor of Connecticut and his successor was , John N . Dempsey .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the U . S . He worked as the U . S . Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare . Mr . Ribicoff preceded John N . Dempsey .
The journal Addiction has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 .
The area codes for Albany , Oregon are 541 and 458 .
American Journal of Mathematics ISSN number : 0002 - 9327 . Its abbreviation is Am . J . Math and his discipline is Math . It is published bimonthly .
Albert B . White was born in 1856 .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was designed by Gruppo Bertone who originated in Italy .
Alan Bean , a crew member of Apollo 12 , retired in June 1981 .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki in Finland . Sauli Niinistö and Juha Sipilä are leaders of Finland and the people there are known as Finns .
Anderson , Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana is part of the United states and is led by the Democratic Party ( headquarters in Washington DC ) .
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film , Big Hero 6 that stars Alan Tudyk and in which Baymax is a character .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al - Merrikh SC .
Anderson , Indiana is part of the Union Township , Madison County in the United States . The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis .
15788 1993 SB , which was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons , has an epoch of March 6th , 2006 . It has an orbital period of 7 , 729 , 430 , 000 and a periapsis of 3 , 997 , 100 , 000 , 000 .
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon who is Puerto Rican .
Bhajji comes from Karnataka , India . One leader in India is T . S . Thakur and another Vajubhai Vala .
Allen Forrest is a solo singer that plays rhythm and blues music . That music genre comes from blues music and disco music is derived from that also .
Alan Bean , a US national was born on 15 March 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated in 1955 with a BS from UT Austin , before becoming a test pilot . He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served on the crew of Apollo 12 .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , Denmark is Marriott International - a company that was founded in Washington DC . The prime minister of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and one of the languages used in the country is German .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey has its headquarters in New York and operates Atlantic City International Airport . The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Amarillo , Randall County , Texas is elevated 1099 metres above sea level . The Area of Amarillo , Texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometers ) and its population density is 746 people / sq km .
Andrew Rayel , whose musical genre is trance music , is associated with musicians Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel started in 2009 . He is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933 . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with a M . S . and went on to become a fighter pilot before he retired on September 1st 1969 .
The book " Aenir , " written in English , was followed by " Above the Veil . " .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin and it serves the city of Appleton . The airport is elevated 280 meters above sea level . It ' s runway is named 12 / 30 and it measures a length of 2 , 439 .
Buzz Aldrin also known as Edwin E . Aldrin Jr was an American born on January 20 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco . They are from the Rosaceae family , part of the Rosales / Rosids order .
11264 Claudiomaccone , with the epoch date 26 November 2005 , has a rotation period of 11473 . 9 , an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres and an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kuttikkattoor , Kerala . It was established in 2001 . Kerala has a leader called Kochi .
Born in Faversham , Adam Holloway , began his career on 5th May 2005 . He fought in the Gulf War and his alma mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge .
Binignit is a dish from Visayas , the Philippines . One of the main ingredients is Taro , it also contains sago .
AIDAluna is powered by United States based Caterpillar Inc . It was founded in California and Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person there .
103 Colmore Row , located at Colmore Row , was designed by the architect , John Madin .
Alan Shepard died in California where Dianne Feinstein was the Senator representing the state .
Harrietsown , New York , is located in United States .
Alan Martin is a footballer for the Crewe Alexandra FC and Hamilton Academicals .
The ALCO RS - 3 , produced between May 1950 and August 1956 , has a V12 engine and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works .
AFC Ajax and amateur ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst . Jong Ajax are the tenants of the De Toekomst Sportpark .
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located .
Alison O ' Donnell performs in the folk rock genre and was part of the Flibbertgibbet band and the Mellow Candle band .
Aleksandr Prudnikov , whose club is FC Spartak Moscow based at their home ground of the Otkrytiye Arena , also plays for FC Amkar Perm where Gadzhi Gadzhiyev is the manager .
200 Public Square , Cleveland , with 45 floors covering 111484 square metres , was completed in 1985 .
Born 01 / 01 / 1989 , footballer , Alan Martin , played football for Hamilton Academical F . C . and plays for the club , Ayr United F . C .
The Antares rocket is manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office located in the Ukraine .
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October 1793 .
Binignit is a dessert from the region of Visayas , Philippines . Taro and banana are prominent ingredients .
William Anders , born 1933 - 10 - 17 , joined NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member on Apollo 8 .
The US includes the ethnic group of Native Americans and is the birthplace of Abraham A Ribicoff who is a US national .
The Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville , Wisconsin . Greenville is part of Dale , Wisconsin . Appleton is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh where Agra airport is situated . The operating organization for the Airport is the Indian Air Force who deploy the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Serbia .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and he was a student at the University of Texas at Austin ( affiliated to the university of Texas system ) . He was a test pilot , who died in St . Louis on February 28th 1966 .
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India . Narendra Modi is the name of the leader of India , another leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
Alex Plante played for Anyang Halla and was born in Manitoba on May 9 , 1989 .
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where Logan Township is found . The Township is the location of Attica and is in Fountain County , Indiana .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 . He graduated with an M . S . from AFIT in 1962 and was selected by NASA in 1963 serving as a fighter pilot before his retirement on the 9th of september 1969 .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet is found . The dish originates in Singapore , where Tony Tan is the leader .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia , United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada whose leader is Elizabeth II . One ethnic group there are Asian Canadians .
Born in Galicia , Spain , Abel Caballero , has the University of Santiago de Compostela for an alma mater .
Anderson is located in Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy which comes from the Philippines .
Albuquerque ( led by the Mayor ) is found in Bernalillo County , New Mexico , United States . English is spoken in the US .
1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000 .
Barack Obama is the President of the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C . African American is one of the ethnic groups and the book 1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written .
John Sánchez , is one of the leaders , in the New Mexico Senate , which leads Albuquerque ( New Mexico ) , in the United States . This English speaking country , has Native Americans as one of the ethnic groups .
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the Indonesian language is spoken .
Jazz music originates from the Blues and is the basis for Afrobeat fusion and funk . Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell plays the autoharp .
The dessert Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . It uses fruit preserves ( ( or jam ) as a main ingredient .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India and was completed in 1995 .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) , located in Turkey , was designed by Pietro Canonica . Led by Ahmet Davutoğlu , the Monument can be found in Ankara , the capital of Turkey . The Monument was inaugrated on July 27th , 1932 .
The CODEN code for ACM Transactions on Information Systems is " ATISET " .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki , Finland and is still in service . It is 99 . 83 long and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
Atlantic City International Airport is in Egg Harbor Township which is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Vermont ' s largest city is Burlington , Vermont which is where Alvah Sabin is from . He started active service on 1853 - 03 - 04 and represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District .
Black Metal performer Aaron Turner , played with the band Twilight and the Lotus Eaters , started performing in 1995 and comes from Boston .
Alexandria , Indiana , is part of Madison County , of which Anderson is the county seat . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
Baked Alaska ( which has ice cream as an ingredient ) and sandesh are both types of dessert .
The novel A Long Long Way , published by Viking Press , was followed by The Secret Scripture . It was written in Ireland , which has white people as an ethnic group .
Akeem Adams plays for Central FC and Ferencvarosi TC , where Thomas Doll is the manager and Gabor Kubatov is the chairman .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County which is itself part of Georgia , US .
Synthpop , with its origins in Disco and New Wave , is the genre of artist Alex Day .
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the French language is spoken . Antwerp in the country is served by Antwerp International airport .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kilograms and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
The musician Andrew White ' s genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music and has its stylistic origins in Punk rock .
Rock musician Anders Osborne was previously signed to Rabadash Records and Chicago based Alligator records .
Sumatran dish asam pedas is found in Malaysia .
Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC whose manager is Thomas Doll and chairman is Gabor Kubatov . Mr . Adams is also part of the United Petrotrin F . C . club .
Massimo Drago plays for U . S Castrovillari Calcio and manages A . C . Cesena .
The national anthem of Canada is O Canada .
The ELA - 3 is located at the Guiana Space Centre .
The 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto manufactured DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England and passed away in London .
In the Spanish speaking country Uruguay , the Leader is Tabre Vazquez . A political Leader there is Daniel Martinez . Alfredo Zitarrosa is from Montevideo where he died .
Adam Maher ' s club is AZ Alkmaar whose ground is AFAS Stadion .
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War which had Jefferson Davis as one of its commanders .
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in Haputale in the Tudor and Jacabian style .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland .
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are both related and similar means of transport .
Elliot See went to University of Texas at Austin and died in St . Louis on 1966 - 02 - 08 .
The E - Book , The Ram Rebellion which was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce et al . has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
The country Barny Cakes ( made with sponge cake ) comes from France where people speak French and the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls .
Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the capital city is Washington DC . However it is written in English , as spoken in Great Britain .
The Delta II , is from the United States and was launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 . It is comparable with the Antares rocket which was launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University , Ithaca , New York . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities and the Association of American Universities .
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province , Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force . The runway length of Al Asad Airbase is 3 , 992 . 88 and it is called 08 / 26 .
Abradab was born in Katowice .
Austin , Texas has a area of land that measures 686 . 0 ( square kilometers ) .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds , with an Arts and Crafts movement style architecture , is located at Pacific Grove , California .
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark .
If you ' ve heard of a Bacon Explosion you might not know that it was created in The United States and the main ingredient is actually bacon .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A . S . Roma and formerly for the Italian national under 16 football team .
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and played for the club LASK Linz .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Eric Flint , has the ISBN number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 and is available in hardcover .
Gerd Von Rundstedt was the commmander in the Battle of France .
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen and the architect was 3XN .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who attended the University of Adelaide , was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and resided in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak . His party was the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya ' Kub .
A . T . Charlie Johnson , who edited AIP Advances , has Stanford University for an Alma mater .
The Swiss Psalm is the anthem of Switzerland .
Birmingham is led by the Birmingham City Council and the Liberal Democrats . The town ( which has the B postcode ) is the birthplace of the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey on 20th of January 1930 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 and was a crew member on NASA ' s Apollo 11 .
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Onion is one variation of ingredients in Amatriciana sauce which has several variations including garlic , black pepper and chili .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay . The leader of Montevideo is Daniel Martinez and the leader of Uruguay is Raul Fernando . The people of Uruguay are called Uruguayans .
Tomatoes are one of the ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce . It is part of the flowering plant division and member of the Solanales ( Solanaceae ) order .
Batagor , a variation of the Siomay dish , comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader . Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay ; Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
Born in Birmingham , John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row , which was completed in 1976 in Colmore Row , Birmingham , England .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who ; was born in Preubisch Oldendorf , was a University Gottingen graduate , and died in West Germany .
The title of the leader of the United States is the President where the capital is Washington D . C . , African Americans are an ethnic group and 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written there .
The fullname of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Associazione Sportiva and they played in the 2014 - 15 Serie B season . Their ground is in Livorno and they have 19238 members .
Arem - arem is found nationwide in Indonesia , but is more specific to Java , and consists of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Massimo Drago plays for Calcio Catania .
Margrethe II is the Queen of Denmark where the German language is spoken . The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region .
Cookies and binignit ( which contains sweet potato ) are types of dessert .
Located in Spata and serving the city of Athens , Athens International Airport has a runway length of 4000 metres .
The Ariane 5 first flight was on March 2 , 2004 .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethopia . Hailemariam Desalegn is the ruler , where the language spoken is Amharic .
Bananaman , the TV series was shown on the BBC which has its home at Broadcasting House in London . A key person at the BBC is Tony Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead .
With a runway length of 3800 metres , Athens International Airport is in Spata , and serves the city of Athens .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , assembled in Italy , is related to Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema .
The total area of Akron , Ohio is 161 . 54 square kilometres .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is part of New York and also incorporates Brooklyn .
The successor to Alfred N . Phillips is Albert E . Austin .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain .
The book Aenir was written by Australians and Above the Veil followed up in English .
Almond is an ingredient in the Spanish dish ajoblanco .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta , Georgia on 27 September 1987 .
Anderson is in Madison County , in Indiana ( United States ) , where Indianapolis , is the state ' s capital .
Alison O ' Donnell was a member of both the Flibbertigibbet band and the Mellow Candle band .
The Asser Levy Public Baths ( constructed in 1904 ) is in Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi , USA where African Americans are an ethnic group . He plays rhythm and blues from which disco is derived .
107 Camilla was discovered by A Storrs and has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
A food from Malaysia is asam pedas which is a dish from Sumatra . Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia and one of its ethnic groups are the Malaysian Malay who are Chinese .
Arlington is in Texas whose capital is Austin and where English is spoken .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane .
The genre of Andra ( singer ) is pop music and is associated with Marius Moga and Andreea Balan .
Greater London Authority is the governing body of London .
The Republic of Ireland , led by Edna Kenny and home to the Irish , where the currency is the euro , is home to Adare Manor .
Ace Wilder is a solo singer who records for EMI Records .
Aarhus Airport is run by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and is 25 metres above sea level . The runway length is 2776 and it is called 10R / 28L .
The Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8 , which is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage . The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom , where the ruler is Queen Elizabeth II .
Alan Shepard was an American born on Nov 18 , 1923 in New Hampshire . He attend NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 . He was a member of Apollo 14 . Shepard retired on Aug 1 , 1974 and later died in California .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the United States .
The singer Andra ' s genre is Rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music . Funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey .
The ALCO RS - 3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 and has a 4 strike engine .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore , Karnataka state , India . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monocacy National Battlefield and was founded July 11 , 1907 .
The builder of the A - Rosa is Neptun Werft which is located in Rostock , in Germany .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in Greece , the leader of which is Nikos Voutsis .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street . It has the Romanesque Revival style of architecture and were contructed in 1904 . The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 80002709 and was added on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
Audi A1 has the hatchback style of body and a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 5 speed manual transmission . It is assembled in Brussels , Belgium .
The successor to Albert B . White was William M . O . Dawson .
Allan Shivers , served in the United States Army , and fought battles in World War II . One of the commanders in World War II , was Joseph Stalin .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is in the Seminary Ridge .
Auburn is part of Washington State , U . S . in King County . Seattle is the largest city in the state of Washington . Washington , D . C . is the capital in the U . S .
Ahmet Ertegun music genre are Rhythm and Blues .
Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago ( Cook County , Illinois ) where 300 North LaSalle is located .
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is an example of American Literature . White people are a part of the U . S ' s ethnic make - up .
Born in Fort Campbell , Allen Forrest , is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
Alvah Sabah , born 23rd October 1793 , was a meber of the US Whig Party , of which Daniel Webster is the leader .
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada and weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
The United Kingdom is home to the bacon sandwich , which sometimes contains ketchup and is a variation of the BLT . Other names for the bacon sandwich include : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Angola is located in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County , Indiana in the United States . Americans are the inhabitants of the country and English is the official language there . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick County , Maryland . Located near to the city of Frederick , the monument was established on 11th July 1907 , is owned by the National Park Service and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States .
The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C .
Argentina , with its capital in Buenos Aires , is led by Gabriela Michetti and is home to the ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB was discovered by Alan Fitzsimmons and has an epoch date of 6th March 2006 . The orbital period is 7729430000 and the periapsis measurement is 3997100000000 . 0 .
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene , Texas an f elevated 546 metres above sea level . Its runway is called 17L / 35R and its length is 2194 . 0 metres .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University ( Latin name Universitas Apulensis ) is found in the state of Alba , Romania . This country has Bucharest as its capital and the country ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis . Romania has an ethnic group called Germans of Romania .
Abarth is the manufacturer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid , Essex County , New York , and also Saranac Lake ( part of Harrietstown ) New York , United States .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States where English is the spoken language and Native Americans are an ethnic group .
In their home city , the Los Angeles Rams , play at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
" Mark Desmond " is also known as the comic character Blockbuster .
Alison O ' Donnell plays the bodhran and is a jazz musician . Jazz music originates from folk music , is derived into funk , and is an element of the fusion genre Afrobeat .
Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , the city that was established by Kempe Gowda . The Institute was given the ' Technical Campus ' status by All India Council for Technical Education ( which is located in Mumbai ) . Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and one of the sports offered at the campus is tennis , which has as its governing body The International Tennis Federation .
Ajoblanco originates from the country of Spain where the name for the people there are Spaniards .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , in the United Kingdom . The kingdom where the leaders are , Elizabeth II and the Labour Party .
In 1904 the Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed at Asser Levy Place , East 23rd Street in the Romanesque Revival style of architecture . The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23 April 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
Alan Bean ' s time in space was 100305 . 0 minutes .
The AMC Matador is built in Thames New Zealand including the 1971 model . Its also related to the AMC Ambassador .
Fulton County is the location of Alpharetta , Georgia , in the United States .
Al Anderson , whose genre is rock music , is a singer for the band NRBQ . Rock music originated from country music , which in turn , originated from blues music . A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
Iraq born Alaa Abdul Zahra who plays for the Al - Wakrah Sport Club , formerly played for Tractor Sazi FC .
11264 Claudiomaccone ' s orbital period is 1513 . 722 days .
3Arena , located at North Wall , Dublin , was designed by HOK SVE and completed in December 2008 .
The Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is nicknamed Asa Gigante .
Abilene , Texas is located in Taylor County , Texas in the U . S . The capital of the U . S . is Washington , D . C . where English is the spoken language .
300 North LaSalle in Chicago has 60 floors and a total area of 120770 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ' s region is Balingan .
Ab Klink ' s Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam .
A Wizard of Mars was published in print .
Asolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airpoty is found in San Sebastián de Los Reyes and has a runway named 18L / 36R which is 4349 meters long .
Baked Alaska comes from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the country is led by a President .
The United States , home to Asian Americans and has a President , is the origin of the Atlas II .
Al Khor is the home ground of Al Kharaitiyat SC , a place Amar Osim manages . Alaa Abdul Zahara plays at Al Kharaitiyat SC and has played at the club Duhok SC .
Alan Bean ( born 1932 - 03 - 15 ) ' s alma mater was UT Austin B . S . 1955 .
The AC Hotel , Bella Sky in Copenhagen has 23 floors , is owned by Bella Center and was designed by the architects of the firm 3XN . Marriott International Hotel are the current tenants of the AC Hotel , Bella Sky .
The Acura TLX ' s engine type is the Honda J .
Gene Colan ' s nationality is American .
Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins publishes the AIDS journal in the United Kingdom . The country uses the English language and is led by David Cameron from the capital city , London .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , has 512 pages and is the media type E book with an ISBN number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Arros negre originates from the Valencian community which is led by Ximo Puig .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and plays for the Soviet Union national football team .
Lamborghini and Quattro Gmbh are subsidiaries of Audi which was founded by August Horch . The company make the Audi A1 and have a division known as Audi e - tron .
AFC Ajax ( amateur ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N . V . . Current tenants of the ground are Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy .
Alan Bean is a US national was was born in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin with a B . S . in 1955 . He performed as a test pilot and was chosen by NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 and he was in space for 100305 minutes .
Alan Martin previously played football at Hamilton Academical FC based at New Douglas Park , and now plays for Clyde FC .
Agra airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in Uttar Pradesh . Its ATA location identifier is AGR , but the location identifier for the airport is VIAG .
The Antare maiden flight was on 21 April 2013 and it was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Sago is the main ingredient of binigit , found in the Phillippines .
The coach of St . Louis Rams is Steve Spagnuolo .
A bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . It always includes bacon as an ingredient and comes from the UK .
The Aston Martin V8 and DBS are similar vehicles manufactured by Aston Martin . The DBS was succeeded by the Vantage .
Alan Martin was born on 1 January 1989 and previously played football for Accrington Stanley FC and currently with Crewe Alexandra FC .
English is the language of the United States which includes the ethnic group of Asian Americans and is the location of Albany , Georgia .
( 66391 ) 199 KW4 , with the epoch date of July 14th 2004 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0 , has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 . This asteroid has a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 and a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre .
Akeem Dent , who was born on 27 September 1987 in Atlanta , Georgia , used to play for the Atlanta Falcons .
The leader of Romania is known as the Prime Minister .
Born in the United States , Albennie Jones , performs in the rhythm and blues genre .
Adare Manor , completed in 1862 , was designed by Philip Charles Hardwick .
Sandesh is a dessert confection . Binignit is a dessert that includes sweet potato ( a member of the Solanales order ) .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville ( part of the town of Menasha ) Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton ( part of Little Chute ) Wisconsin .
The Ashgabat International Airport ' s 3rd runway length in ft is 2953 .
A Wizard of Mars comes from the United States where they speak english and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music and it is pop music that is the musical genre of solo singer Aleksandra Kovač who was born in Belgrade in 1972 .
A Long Long Way is written in the English language , which is spoken in Great Britain .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 3500 . 0 .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music , of which funk is a derivative .
Abdul Taib Mahmud comes from the Asajaya region .
Nikolai Chernykh discovered 11264 Claudiomaccone , which has an average speed of 18 . 29 kilometres per second . It also , has an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres , and an orbital period of , 1513 . 722 days .
New Britain , Connecticut born Abraham A Ribicoff is from the United States , where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
Abel Caballero , born in Ponteareas , in Galicia in Spain , is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Attica in Indiana , has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres .
10 Hygiea , formerly known as " A900 GA " , has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
Amatriciana sauce , containing olive oil , comes from the region of Lazio .
The novel " Into Battle " followed " Above the Veil " which is the sequel to Aenir .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is built by Cammell Laird .
Giorgos Kaminis is the mayor of Athens , where AEK Athens F . C ' s ground is situated .
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg which is managed by Dieter Hecking .
The United States is the location of Atlanta and includes the Native Americans among its ethnic groups .
The comic character , Blockbuster , whose alternative name is Roland Desmond , was created by Gardner Fox and Tom Lyle .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas in the Philippines . It ' s a dessert that contains sweet potatoes and bananas .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan , the capital of which , is Lansing .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School . Which is in the United States in Summit County , in Akron , Ohio where Dan Horrigan is the leader .
The People ' s Party is the lead party of San Sebastian de los Reyes , Spain .
Baked Alaska is popular in Paris , New York and Hong Kong .
The United States Air Force , who operate Al Asad airbase , were involved in the invasion of Panama and in the battles of Operation Enduring Freedom . They deploy the Lockheed AC 130 on their aircraft carriers .
Ann Arbor is part of Michigan in the U . S . Lansing is the capital of Michigan .
Walter Haase discovered 1036 Ganymed and graduated from the University of Gottingen . Galtob Apr and Allan Sandage were his doctoral students .
The Aids Journal ' s academic discipline is HIV / AIDS and it has an LCCN number of 90640840 .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority operate Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab , Pakistan . It serves the city of Lahore and has the runway name 18L / 36R which is 2900 . 0 in length .
Arros negre originates from Spanish speaking Spain .
The AIDAstella was laid down on 17th December 2008 .
Bionico contains granola and is found in Jalisco , Mexico .
The 1955 Dodge is a convertible .
English is the language spoken in the United States where you can find Atlanta .
The ALV X - 1 is 1 . 524 metres in diameter and was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Eric Flint ( born in Burbank , California ) is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis . The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War and The Grantville Gazettes .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln is Peter Stoger who plays for FK Austria Wien .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Aarhus , Denmark . The school has 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff .
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second and a mass of 5 . 7 kgs . It has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 Kilometers .
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , Bolt who was created by Paris Cullins and Ernie Colon .
The champions of Serie D are S . S . Robur Siena .
The Antares rocket is similar to the Delta II rocket , which originated in the United States . It was launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Dallas is in Collin County , Texas .
Abel Caballero was in office when Felipe Gonzalex was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I was King of Spain . The lattere was preceded by Francisco Franco .
John Aman , is the alternative name for the comic character , Amazing - Man .
Abradab has a background as a solo singer and performs hip hop music . Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop music , which has its stylistic origins in both Jazz and Disco .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press and is published in the United States . In this country they speak English , same as in Great Britan .
American Civil War , Battle of Antietam veteran Aaron S . Daggett received the Purple Heart . An American Civil War commnader was Robert E . Lee .
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi , United States . R & B origintes from blues and is the basis for disco .
The ALV X - 1 originates from the United States which has the Star Spangled Banner as its anthem . The people of the country are called Americans and include the ethnic group of White Americans .
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and the United States Army battled in the American Civil War .
The President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and it ' s capital city is Ankara . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul . The turkish currency is the Turkish lira . The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir .
Massimo Drag has been the manager of A C Cesena , is attached to the club Vigor Lamexia and his club was Calcio Catania .
Atlas II originates from the United States where the leader has the title President of the United States .
Anderson , is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana , in the U . S .
St Vincent - St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault , Akron Summit County Ohio .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . There are 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
In the state of Paraná , Sao Jose dos Pinhais is part of the South Region , Brazil and is where Afonso Pena International Airport is located . The airport serves the city of Curitiba and is operated by Infraero .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia in the United States , whose inhabitants are called Americans . The president is the leader of the United States and African Americans are an ethnic group in the country .
Albany is part of Linn County , Oregon , in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . English is the language of the United States , and one of the ethnic groups there , is the Native Americans .
Bolt , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , is a comic book character created by Gary Cohn and the United States national Paris Cullins .
Andrews County Airport , serving the city of Andrews , Texas , is 973 metres above sea level , and has a runway length of 1773 metres .
Ben ( jamin ) Urich was created by the comic book writer Roger McKenzie and Gene Colan .
Binignit is a type of dessert .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Chinese Filipinos .
Agra Airport , with the ICAO identifier of VIAG , located in Uttar Pradesh is operated by airports authority of India .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , originates from India in the Karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Ann Arbor is part of Washentaw County in Michigan , United States . Detroit is the largest city in Michigan and the state capital is Lansing .
Pickard Chilton is the architect of 300 North LaSalle .
Ashgabat International Airport runway 12R / 30L is 900 . 0 long and 211 metres above sea level . the airport is located in Ashgabat and managed by Turkmenistan Airlines .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , part of Harrietstown , New York , United States .
William Anders time as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 has prepared him well for his new position as United States Ambassador to Norway .
Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium where the German language is spoken . Antwerp is located in the country and served by Antwerp International airport .
Kuttikkattoor , India is the location of the AWH Engineering College which was established in 2001 .
Aleksandre Guruli , whose club is FC Karpaty Lviv and plays for FC Dinamo Batumi , is 178 cm in height and was born in the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic .
Tim Brooke Taylor starred in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright . It was broadcast by the BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983 .
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and is part of the clubs Berliner AK 07 and 1 . FC Union Berlin .
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York . Brooklyn is a part of New York City .
Democrat and American - born Abraham A Ribicoff worked as the United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare . He died in New York City .
The Acharya Institude of Technology has 10000 undergraduate students .
The President is the leader of the United States . In the U . S . the capital is Washington D . C . , the people are called americans .
Completed in 1985 , 200 Public Square has 45 floors and 111484 square meters space , and can be found in Cleveland , Ohio , 44114 .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and served in office under Prime Minister Antonis Samaras .
A . C Lumezzane play in the Lega Pro / A 20 - 14 season . They have 4150 members .
One of the languages used in Denmark is the German language .
Soho Press is based in the United States where the language used is English . They published A Loyal Character Dancer .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New York , United States . Manhattan is one part of New York City .
Formerly known as " 1930 ST ; 1952 HE4 " , 1089 Tama , has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 , and the epoch date , 26 November 2005 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the capital is Austin . Texas is part of the United States and the inhabitants are called Texans .
Frederick , Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield of Frederick County , Maryland . It is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument which was established on 11 July 1907 which is categorised as belonging to the historic districts of the United States .
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President and was later succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( which can be abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg ) is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics and has the ISSN number 0025 - 5858 .
1089 Tama was formerly called " A894 VA ; A904 VD ; " and has the epoch date 26 November 2005 . It has an orbital period lasting 1202 . 846 days , an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec and a periapsis measurement of 288749000000 . 0 .
The English language is spoken in Singapore .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England , in the United Kingdom and died in Sidcup .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , USA .
Aaron Turner played with Twilight , a black metal band .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , made in Arese , and the Fiat Croma are very similar vehicles .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
Lamborghini is a subsidiary of Audi , who made the Audi A1 .
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France , where Gerd Von Rundstedt was a commander .
The AIDAstella had her maiden voyage on March 17th 2003 and was christened on the 16th of March , 2013 . It has a beam of 32 . 2m and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
Baked Alaska is served in the region of Hong Kong . This is thought to have originated in the United States , France or China . The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
The ethnic group of the Moro people are from the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
1001 Gaussia has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
A Long Long Way was written in English and originates from Ireland . The English language is spoken in Great Britain . It precedes The Secret Scripture which was published by Faber and Faber .
Angola is a city in Indiana in the U . S . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana .
1097 Vicia , which has an epoch date of 13 January 2016 , has an escape velocity of 0 . 0112km per sec . The orbital period is 135589000 . 0 and the apoapsis is 511592000 . 0 km .
Almonds are from the order Rosids .
Agnes Kant worked as the Parliamentary group leader .
Alan B . Miller Hall is situated in Virginia .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Al - Zawra ' a SC .
Volkswagen Polo and Audi A1 are related forms of transportation .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine and has a top speed of , 24 . 0 . It has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a length of , 125 . 8 metres .
Dave Challinor is at Colwyn Bay FC and is affiliated with Tranmere Rovers FC . He plays at Stockport County FC and manages AFC Fylde .
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport has a runway named 09 / 27 Buitenveldertbaan .
A . T . Charlie Johnsonis doctoral advisor to Michael Tinkham .
The New England Patriots are a former team of the player Akeem Ayers .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is found in Adams County , Pennsylvania and has been established since the year 2000 . To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north is Cumberland County - both also of Pennsylvania . To the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County and to the southwest lies Frederick County , both of Maryland .
1000 Piazzia has a mass of 1 . 1 kilograms , orbital period of 488160 , periapsis of 352497000000 , and an epoch of the 27th of June , 2015 .
Batagor is a variation of a Siomay dish found in Indonesia .
Stephen Dilts is the leader of the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
The Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space .
Singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Taquirari and was born in Uruguay . He is signed with RCA Records .
Michele Marcolini has been associated with F . C . Bari 1908 and is now the manager of A . C . Lumezzane .
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the currency is the euro . The country ' s leader is Felipe VI of Spain and the language spoken is Spanish .
Agustin Barboza was born on March 5 , 1913 .
The footballer Alan Martin played for Aldershot Town FC and Hamilton Academical FC ( who play their home games at New Douglas Park ) .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker , who is a member of the Chesterfield F . C .
Baked Alaska is from France , where Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls are leaders . It can also be found in New York .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial ( known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti in the local language ) is a red granite and white marble monument , designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is located in Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade .
English is the language of the USA and is also spoken in Great Britain . Native Americans are among the ethnic groups of the USA and A Loyal Character Dancer was Published there .
Chris Patten is a representative of British Hong Kong which coincidentally is the birthplace of William Anders .
( 15788 ) 1993 SB has an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 .
Aaron Deer comes from Indianapolis , Indiana and plays psychedelia music .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the Indian Air Force , the operating organisation for Agra Airport .
Graeme Garden stars in the TV series of Bananaman which was shown on BBC and first aired on 3 October 1983 .
Akron Summit Assault play in the Premier Development League ( where K - W United FC were previously champions ) . The team has their ground at St Vincent - St Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , United States .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and wrote 1634 : The Ram Rebellion which was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
Alan Bean performs as a test pilot .
Allama Iqbal International Airport , which serves the city of Lahore , is located in Punjab , Pakistan and is run by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority . The country ' s leader is Nawaz Sharif .
The epoch date for 66391 1999 KW4 is 2004 - 07 . 14 .
The P & O owned Alhambra is powered by an engine from Deptford based Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes .
Abel Hernandez , whose club is Penarol , played youth football for Central Espanol and currently plays for US Citta di Palermo who are managed by Guiseppe Iachini .
People who live in India are known as Indian . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the country which is led by Sumitra Mahajan .
Alan Shepard was on the crew of Apollo 14 .
Washington , D . C . born and rhythm and blues artist Ahmet Ertegun died in the United States . The U . S . is home to African Americans and R & B is the origin of disco .
David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 .
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain . The leader of the country is Felipe VI and the Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Born in Galicia , in Spain , Abel Caballero , worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies .
A . S . Livorno Calcio played in the 2014 season .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States , written in English and published by Soho Press .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region and it is typical Colombian cuisine . Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa . Lemon belongs to the rutaceae family .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 .
The total area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is 490 . 9 square kilometres and its population density is 1142 . 3 per sq . km . The Albuquerque City Council has a leader role in Albuquerque .
Abilene , Texas is located within the United States , where Washington , D . C . is the country ' s capital .
Abner W . Sibal ; was born in Ridgewood , Queens , was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District , and died in Alexandria , Virginia .
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Kuching , his alma mater is the University of Adelaide and he belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu . He was succeeded by Adenan Satem who was born under the Japanese Occupation of British Borneo .
Anaheim is located in Orange County , CA , and led by the California State Assembly which is situated at the California State Capitol .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the United States . in U . S spoken english .
Abdulsalami Abubakar ; served in the Nigerian Air Force , was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President and was succeeded by , Al - Amin Daggash .
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in 1948 in the Soviet Union was a member of the Soviet Union national football team .
Almond is an ingredient found in ajoblanco , Almond is also a member of the Rosales order .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester , England UK and died in Sidcup in London .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbrv . Acta Palaeontol . Pol ) was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences . Code information : ISSN 0567 - 7920 , LCCN 60040714 and the CODEN code is APGPAC .
A Loyal Character Dancer is in print and has the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
Alex Plante was born in Canada and plays for Anyang Halla .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi . U . S . A . She is a performer of Rhythm and blues . Disco is a derives from rhythm and blues .
The city nearest to Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick , Maryland .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . They competed in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and have 17000 members .
Aleksandr Prudnikov ' s club is FC Spartak Moscow .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan , where the city of Lahore is served by Allama Iqbal International airport located in Punjab . The airport is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority .
The headquarter of Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in Four World Trade Center controls the Atlantic City International Airport at Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey , United States . Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey . .
Amarillo and Austin ( capital of TX ) , are located in , spanish speaking , Texas , within the United States .
Albuquerque in New Mexico has 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . It covers a total area of 490 . 9 sq km of which 486 . 2 sq km is land .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is manufactured by Abarth who were founded in Bologna . It was designed by Gruppo Bertone which was set up by Giovanni Bertone .
The population density , of Akron ( Ohio ) , is 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 . It is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It is affilaited with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Apollo 12 was commanded by David Scott .
Ankara is the capital of Turkey . where the Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) can be found . Turkey ' s currency is the Turkish lira and the President and leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written in English and was preceded by 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , whose currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the United States .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft in Papenburg .
At 94 metres above sea level , with a runway length of 4000 . 0 , Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens .
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA - 3 .
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 , in Dothan , Alabama . He plays acoustic music and is a solo singer .
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken .
Adam Koc has won the Virtuti Militari award .
Buzz Aldrin , real name Edwin E . Aldrin Jr was born 20th January 1930 , received 20 awards and attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology , .
The Atlas II was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 , at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station . The Atlas II which has a diameter of 3 . 04m , had its final flight on the 31st August , 2004 .
Abilene is part of Taylor County in Texas .
Spanish is the official language in Argentina .
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire . He went to school at NWC and graduated with a MA in 1957 . He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 14 . He died in California .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels . Denmark is governed by a magistrate , and the leaders name is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Aaron Turner is part of the drone music genre .
Montevidean Milonga singer Alfredo Zitarrosa was signed to Odeon Records .
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the musical artist Ciro Pérez .
The United States is home to Americans and White Americans , with its anthem , The Star Spangled Banner . It is the origin of the ALV X - 1 .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell ' s ( Stanyan Records ) career began in 1963 . O ' Donnell has played with Plastik Mat and the Flibbertigibbet band .
Ab Klink , worked as a member of the senate , and his Alma mater is Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs .
Aarhus airport services the city of Aarhus , Denmark and operated by Aarhus Lufthaven A / S . The airport is 25 meters above sea level and the 10L / 28R runway is 2777 . 0 in length .
Jazz artist Alison O ' Donnell performs under recording label Floating World Records .
The Schiphol Airport located - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level with a 3 , 453 km long runway and serves the city of Amsterdam .
The Dodge manufactured 1955 Dodge and the DeSoto Custom and the Plymouth Plaza are related means of transportation . The Plymouth Plaza was succeeded by the Plymouth Satellite .
The mid - size Acura TLX , made at the Marysville Auto Plant , has a Honda K engine and is front - wheel and all - wheel drive .
Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region where The English language is spoken . The dish is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore . The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York where Byron Brown is the leader .
Auburn is located in Alabama , in the United States .
1973 was the start date for the building at 103 Colmore Row .
Andrew Rayel is associated with Bobina and Christian Burns .
The 3Arena , designed by the Populous company and completed in December 2008 , is located on North Wall Quay .
Delta II , made at the Yuzhnoye Design Office , originates from the United States and is launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base . It is comparable to the Antares rocket which is launched at the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
Bacon Explosion is from the Kansas City metropolitan area . The main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
The Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and found in Punjab , Pakistan . The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport which has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
The Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the USAF . The runway name is 09L / 27R , is 3 , 990 long and ORAA is the airbase ' s ICAO location identifier .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC who play their home games at Al Khor .
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara , Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka and had 476 beds .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 , served as a Test pilot and was a crew member of the Apollo 14 , which was operated by NASA . The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Adam Koc ; fought in the Polish – Soviet War , won the Virtuti Militari award , and was awarded the Cross of Valour ( Poland ) .
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for Alianza F . C .
The National Assembly ( Azerbaijan ) is the source of legislature in Azerbaijan , where the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located .
Alaa Abdul Zahra ' s club is AL Kharaitiyat SC . He was born in Iraq and plays for the Iraq national under - 23 football team .
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Brandon , Manitoba .
The ALCO RS - 3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 by Montreal Locomotive Works and has a four - stroke engine .
The periapsis of ( 15788 ) 1993 SB is 3997100000000 . 0 .
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis , part of Greater St Louis and the French First Republic . The leader is Francis G Slay .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party whose colour is blue . Adonis Georgiadis was in office under Antonis Samaras , Prime Minister and Mr . Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
The epoch date for 10 Hygiea is June 27th , 2015 . It takes 5 . 57 days to orbit , has an escape velocity of . 21 km per seconds and its periapsis is 416 , 136 , 000 , 000 .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays in the Qatar Stars league with the Al - Khor Sports Club which is located in Al Khor . He also plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC managed by Amar Osim .
Stellendam born Ab Klink is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal party . His alma mater is the Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
William Anders was born on October 17 , 1933 in British Hong Kong , served as a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 8 .
The Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India . The country ' s leaders include T . S . Thakur and Narendra Modi and the currency is the rupee .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Barack Obama is the leader . It is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Blue is the colour of the New Democracy in Greece , which Adonis Georgiadis is a member of . Adonis Georgiadis was in office when Antonis Samaras ( predecessor to Konstantinos Mitsotakis ) was Prime Minister and his deputy was Evangelos Venizelos .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , which is located in the United States . The leader of the US is Barack Obama and he has the title of President of the United States . African Americans are an ethnic group in the country .
Auburn , Pierce County , is located in Washington State , with its largest city as Seattle . They are located within the United States , which boasts its capital as Washington , DC .
Rolando Maran , in the Vicenza Calcio club , has managed AC Chievo Verona .
William M O Dawson , born in Bloomington , Maryland , was the successor of Albert B White .
Bhajji originates from India and its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . The food ' s alternative names can be Bhaji and bajji too .
Akron Summit Assault are in season 2011 .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia and lives in Sarawak . He represented Asajaya and belonged to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
As well as having an aircraft - capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter , the Indian Air Force , operate Agra Airpori . This airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax . The tenant of the ground is Jong Ajax .
The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States where the ALVX - 1 originated .
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row , Birmingham , England .
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press .
Aaron Hunt ' s club is Goslarer SC 08 .
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and powered by Caterpillar Inc . The company , Caterpillar , Inc . , where Douglas R . Oberhelman is a key person , was founded in California and is located in the United States .
Alex Tyus began his active years in 2011 .
The Ariane 5 was made by ESA and Arianespace and launched from the ELA - 3 launchpad .
Adolfo Suarez Madrid - Barajas Airport is located 610 metres above sea level in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas , and operated by ENAIRE . The runway , named 14L / 32R has a length of 3500 .
Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore .
Honda is the makes the Acura TLX which possesses a V6 engine and is relative to the Honda Accord . Honda has a division called Acura .
Adams County Pennsylvania is East of Franklin County , Pennsylvania .
Al Anderson is a singer in the band NRBQ and his musical genre is country music .
Romania ' s leader is call the Prime Minister of Romania .
Alex Tyus is 2 . 032 metres tall .
Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC and now plays for Bury FC and is the manager at A . F . C . Blackpool .
" AIP Adv . " is the abbreviation of AIP Advances , that was edited by A . T . Charlie Johnson . His residence is in The United States and his alma mater is Stanford University .
The English language is spoken in California .
Alessio Romagnoli plays for AS Roma in the Serie A .
Alex Plante was born in Canada , which is led by Elizabeth II .
Alan Frew ' s genre is rock music which has its stylistic origins in folk music .
Akron is in Summit County , Ohio in the U . S . One ethnic group in the U . S . are Native Americans .
The country bacon explosion , with sausage and bacon , is a main course from the United States .
Boris Johnson is the leader in London , where the Parliament of the United Kingdom and 20 Fenchurch Street are situated .
William Anders was born in in British Hong Kong , was a Fighter pilot , graduated from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 , was chosen by NASA in 1963 , was a member of Apollo 8 ' s crew and retired on 1st September 1969 .
Ahmet Eregum is originally from Washington , D . C . and died in New York City . Among the ethnic groups in the U . S . are African Americans .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Switzerland , whose legislature is the Federal Assembly ( Switzerland ) . The country ' s leader is called Johann Schneider - Ammann and his title is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland .
Operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S , the Aarhus Airport serves the city of Aarhus in Denmark and is 25 metres above the sea level . The airport has a runway named 10L . 28R which is 2776 . 0 metres in length .
A member of the band NRBQ , Al Anderson , who once played with The Wildweeds , plays the guitar and performs rock music . Rock music originated from country music and has a musical fusion called bhangra .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association and has 16000 students .
Alberto Teisaire worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was in office while Juan Perón ( a member of the Labour Party in Argentina ) was president .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki and has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
Cleveland is part of Ohio .
110 Lydia ' s has a mass of 6 . 7 kg , orbital period of 142603000 , periapsis of 377016000000 , and its epoch is the 31st of December , 2016 .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Iraq is led by President Fuad Masum and Prime minister Haider al - Abadi . The currency in Iraq is the Iraqi dinar .
Atlanta is in the United States whose capital is Washington , D . C . Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
The Battle of Fredericksburg , where Aaron S . Daggett fought , was fought during the American Civil War where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
AS Roma have a ground in Rome and have 70634 members . They play in the Serie A league which was previously won by Juventus FC .
The fictional comic superhero Bananaman was created by John Geering .
The runway length of Abilene Regional Airport is 1121 . 0 .
AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc located in Illinois where Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person .
Alessio Romagnoli is currently with A . C . Milan .
Chinese is a language of Hong Kong .
Mike Akhigbe was in the Nigerian Navy .
Christian Panucci is attached to the club Genoa CFC .
Bacon Explosion is from the United States and Paul Ryan is it ' s leader .
The U . S capital is Washington , D . C . , whereas the biggest city in the U . S is New York City . Texas is also located in the U . S and is home to Abilene . The language of the U . S is English .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe ' s production started in 1958 . The Abarth 1000 GT has a Coupé body style , a straight - four engine and a wheelbase that is , 2160 . 0 millimetres .
Luciano Spalletti manages A . S . Roma and plays for Empoli F . C . . A . S . Roma play in Serie A of which Juventus F . C . are champions .
Allan Shivers fought battles in World War II and a commander during then was Joseph Stalin . Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and started his active career on July 11th 1949 .
Ayam penyet is a regional Singapore cuisine , where English is a spoken language .
The Navajo language is spoken in New Mexico .
Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes but the main ingredient is coconut milk .
The construction of Addis Ababa City Hall began in 1961 and it was completed in 1964 . The building , which is the seat of the local government , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 ( square metres ) .
Marv Wolfman and the American Karl Kesel are the creators of the comic book character Auron , whose full name is Lambien .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Soldevanahalli , its address is Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
Anderson in Madison County is in Indiana .
Abilene regional airport services Abilene , Jones , County , Texas ( United States ) .
Abradab was born on November 12th , 1978 in Katowice , Poland .
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem .
São José dos Pinhais is part of the south region of Brazil .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippines . It includes sago and sweet potatoes .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . league in Brazil . Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , who have 17000 members , also play in the league and have their home ground at Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca .
Mumbai is India ' s largest city .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar . He is in Vitesse Arnhem , and plays for both Istanbulspor AS and AFC Ajax .
The German empire was the birthplace of Walter Baade , he studied at the University of Gottingen and died in the same town . He discovered 1036 Ganymed and Halton Arp was his doctoral student .
Adonis Georgiadis was a member of the New Democracy party in Greece whose colour is blue . He was in office at the same time that Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Makis Voridis was his successor .
Dave Challinor is the manager of AFC Fylde , and he plays for Tranmere Rovers F . C .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba , Romania has the latin name " Universitas Apulensis . " The country is ethnically Germanic , it ' s capital is Bucharest and it ' s Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis .
The ISSN number of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1080 - 6377 .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Al - Zawra ' a SC .
Andrews County airport is in Texas where the capital city is Austin , the local people are known as Tejano and the spoken language is English .
The ALV X - 1 rocket has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and 2 rocket stages with 1 failed launch .
Aaron Deer plays the keyboard .
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Badde who was born in the German empire and discovered the 1036 Ganymed .
Alexandria is part of the Monroe Township , Madison County , Indiana ( capital Indianapolis ) , in the United States .
Rhythm and blues was the base of disco and the genre of singer Andra .
The ruler of the United Kingdom is Queen Elizabeth II . The Aston Martin V8 , which was assembled in the United Kingdom is related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
The printed book A severed Wasp has 388 pages , an OCLC number of 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
Singer Aaron Deer is an indie rock musician . Indie rock heavily relies on guitar and has origins in garage music and new wave .
The Atlas II originated from the U . S , where the inhabitants are called Americans and the capital is Washington , D . C . One of the ethnic groups in the United States is African Americans , and the leader has the title President .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital is Cape Town , and key leaders are Cyril Ramaphosa and Jacob Zuma .
Monocacy National Battlefield is located in Frederick County , Maryland .
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
Alan Shepard of the United States , was born in New Hampshire and retired on August 1 , 1974 . He died in California .
Asam pedas is from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions . The food can be found in Malaysia whose capital city is Putrajaya and Malay and Malaysian Chinese people are among the country ' s ethnic groups .
A dish which comes from Indonesia and is popular in Singapore is beef kway teow , it has sesame oil among it ' s ingredients .
William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 and as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1976 . He walked in space for 8820 minutes . Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot and Frank Borman a crew member . Apollo 8 was operated by NASA , .
Albert B . White was the Governor of West Virginia .
Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown and part of Essex County , in New York , United States . Adirondack Regional Airport serves both the city of Saranac Lake and the city of Lake Placid , New York .
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta , Georgia on 27 September 1987 .
Abilene is part of Texas in the United States . English is spoken in the US and the capital city is Washington DC .
William Anders , who graduated with an M . S . , from AFIT in 1962 , served as a crew member on Apollo 8 alongside Frank Borman .
The Gujarat Legislative Assembly is the leader of Gujarat where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad .
French is one of the languages spoken in New York .
African American are an ethnic group in the U . S . whose leader is Barack Obama . The Bacon Explosion comes from that country .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group of the United States .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is concerned with the academic discipline of Pure Mathematics .
Anaheim is led by the California State Senate , which is part of the California State Legislature .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , in Akita , Japan , which has an ethnic group called Filipinos .
Allan Shivers , born in Lufkin , Texas , worked as the Governor of Texas .
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia , Vermont . He represented the state and worked as the secretary of the State of Vermont . He was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where a leader is Paul Ryan . Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the language spoken is English and the leader is President of the United States .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans .
19255 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometers / s , apoapsis of 6603633000 kilometers , orbital period of 8788850000 , and an epoch on the 31st of December , 2006 .
A Long Long Way is written in the English Language ( spoken in Great Britain ) . The book was published by Viking Press , which is based in the United States , and was followed by the book The Secret Scripture .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States .
The OCLC number of the currently in print book " A Glastonbury Romance " is 76798317 .
Livorno , Italy is the location of the ground of AS Livorno Calcio .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States and is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield .
AC Cesena , who are in the Serie B league , have their grounds at the Stadio Dino Manuzzi .
Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel created the comic character Auron .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and the language spoken is Indonesian .
Jazz musician , Albennie Jones , was born in the U . S . A .
Akeem Priestley ' s club is Harbour View FC and he has also played for Sheikh Russel KC and the Jacksonville Dolphins youth team .
The ship AIDAstella has a beam of 32 . 2 metres .
Tom Tait is the leader of Anaheim , California . The United States House of Representatives is part of the United States Congress which leads Anaheim .
Ann Arbor is part of Washtenaw County in Michigan . The state is located within the United States and its largest city is Detroit .
Malaysia , led by Abu Zahar Ujang , is the home to Malay and Malaysian Chinese people . A dish found in the Malay Peninsula region is called asam pedas .
Led by President Barack Obama , the United States has one ethnic group called African Americans and is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue .
The floor area of the Akita Museum of Art is 3746 . 66 square metres .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra plays for the Iraq national under - 20 football team and also for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor .
Musician Andrew White performs alternative rock , which originated from new wave music and has a sub genre called Christian alternative rock . Alternative rock also has a music fusion genre named Nu metal .
Test pilot Alan Bean was part of the Apollo 12 mission and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space . Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 and in 1955 graduated from the University of Texas in Austin with a Bachelor of Science degree .
Aaron Deers plays the keyboard and performs Psychedelia music .
Popular in the UK , a bacon sandwich includes the ingredient bacon and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos and the leader of the country is Shinzō Abe .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT , it inclusdes tomato and is similar to a club sandwich .
Auburn , part of Lee County , Alabama is in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC and the Native Americans are an ethnic group .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe ' s production started in 1958 .
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York , which is part of Erie County New York .
The main language used in Spain is Spanish and it ' s leader is Felipe VI . Abel Caballero is a national of Spain and was born in Ponteareas .
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where the leader the President . it is also where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans .
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8 which was assembled in the United Kingdom , where Queen Elizabeth II is the ruler . The Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8 which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage .
Southeast of Carroll County , Maryland is Adams County Pennsylvania . This county is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument erected in 2000 in Gettysburg and which is categorised as a contributing property .
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J . Davis was Vice President and later died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Adam Koc who was awarded the Virtuti Militari , was involved in battle of the Polish - Soviet war .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a fighter pilot after graduating from AFIT , M . S . in 1962 . He retired on 1 September 1969 .
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 was discovered by Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital city is Austin . Tejano are the inhabitants of the state and English language is spoken there .
107 Camilla was discovered by NR Pogson who is English .
Abdul Taib Mahmud ; born in Miri , Malaysia , lives in Sarawak , is a member of the " Barisan Ra ' ayat Jati Sarawak " party , and represented the Asajaya region .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , India . Mumbai is the largest city in India .
Apollo 14 crew member Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 and was picked by NASA for the space program .
The OCLC number of A Wizard of Mars is 318875313 .
A . D . Isidro Metapán has 10000 members and their ground is in Metapan , El Salvador . Their full name is Isidro Metapan .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 and in 1959 NASA chose him as part of the space program .
Aaron Hunt plays for Hamburger SV and also for the Bundesliga ' s SV Werder Bremen , where Viktor Skrypnyk is the manager .
Chicharrón is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa and is a traditional dish in the Antioquia department of Spain .
Aaron Boogaard ' s birthplace is Canada where the national anthem is O Canada .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , born in the Kingdom of Sarawak , was succeeded by , Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib .
Barny cakes come from France where Manuel Valls is a leader and the French language is spoken .
Frank de Boer played for Al - Shamal Sports Club .
Hip hop music has its origins in funk and influences drum and bass with a sub genre of Ganst Rap . Ace Wilder is a hip hop artist .
Albilene , Texas is part of the United States of America where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and began his career on 5th May 2005 . His alma mater was Magdalene College Cambridge . Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK .
William M O Dawson was the successor to Albert B . White , who retired March 4 , 1905 .
The architect Julia Morgan was born in California and designed several significant projects including Hearst Castle , the Asilomar Conference Grounds , Asilomar State Beach and Chinatown , San Francisco .
Allen Forrest is associated with the band The Black Eyed Peas .
3Arena ( owned by Live Nation Entertainment ) is located in European Parliament led Dublin ( a part of Leinster of The Republic of Ireland ) .
bhajji and pakora are related .
Burlington is the largest city in Vermont , where Alvah Sabin was born . He represented Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District and died in Sycamore , Illinois .
Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3078 . 48 .
The mass of 110 Lydia is 6 . 7kg and it had its epoch date on December 31st 2006 . It has an escape velocity of 0 . 0455 km / s and an orbital period of 143603000 .
In the United Kingdom , David Cameron is the Leader and the Aids journal was published here by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins ( parent company Wolters Kluwer ) .
Aleksandra Kovač began her musical career in 1990 .
Retired William Anders , a US national , was born in British Hong Kong on 17 / 10 / 1933 . He was a Fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963 . William Anders retired on the 1st of September 1969 .
Ajoblanco is a dish that originated in Spain , where Spaniards are an ethnic group , Spanish is the language spoken and where Felipe VI of Spain is the leader .
The manager of AZ Alkmaar , owned by Max Huiberts , is John van den Brom who plays for AFC Ajax and Vitsse Arnhem .
The christening date of the AIDAluna , which is powered by Caterpillar Inc , is 2009 - 04 - 04 . It has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
Barny cakes contain 4 . 8 g of fat .
The Acta Palaeontological Polonica is abbreviated as Acta Palaeontol . Pol and is part of the academic discipline of paleontology with the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 .
The Aston Martin V8 , assembled in the Elizabeth II led , United Kingdom , was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage . It is relative to the Aston Martin DBS .
Adam Holloway was involved in Gulf War battles .
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F . C . club . , the ground of which is , Palo Seco . Akeem Adams club is Ferencvarosi TC , the chairman of which , is Gabor Kubatov .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin .
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin where Gregory L . Fenves is the President . The University is affiliated to the University of Texas system and they competed in the Big 12 Conference in Austin . Elliot died in St Louis which is in France .
Binignit is a type of dessert like Cookies . It is made from sweet potato .
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales , it can be served warm ( freshly baked ) or cold and its main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
Issac Rojas succeeded Alberto Teisaire who was born in Mendoza , Argentina .
Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of Greece .
AWH Engineering College is situated in the state of Kerala , India .
Atlas II originates from the United States , of which Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Stuart Parker , who plays football for Stockport County F . C . and has been manager for AFC Blackpool .
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov has a Wartsila power type .
A . C . Cesana ' s ground is the Stadio Dino Manuzzi . They have 23900 members and play in the Serie B league .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul .
Acharya Institute of Technology has an academic staff of 500 . It is located in India and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " .
Roland Desmond is the alternative name for the comic book character Blockbuster , who was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox .
Haider al - Abadi is the name of the leader of Iraq .
Aarhus airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthaven A / S . Its runway name is 10L / 28R and its length is 2777 metres .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956 . It has a V12 engine and a cylinder count of 12 .
Alfred N . Phillips , born in Connecticut was a member of the United States Democratic Party and worked as a Member of the U . S . House of Representatives from the Connecticut ' s 4th district . His successor was Albert E . Austin .
Bandeja paisa comes from Colombia , from the Antioquia Department region and it ' s made with rice .
London is lead via the European Parliament .
The ALV X - 1 diameter is 1 . 524 metres and it has 2 rocket stages . The launch site of ALV X - 1 was Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport and it had 1 failed launch .
Elliot See ( born in Dallas ) went to the University of Texas at Austin . Worked as a test pilot and died in St . Louis .
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway that ' s 2 , 989 metres long .
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin , Texas and was a Governor of the same state . He was also a member of the Democratic Party in the U . S and was later succeeded by Wilfred R . Cousins , Jr .
United Petrotin FC ' s ground is Palo Seco .
Addis Ababa is located in Ethiopia . The current leader in Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome also Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa Ethiopia .
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa and is part of Colombian cuisine .
Arròs negre is from Spain , where the language is Spanish and Spaniards are the ethnic group .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is led by the President . The city of Akron is located in the country in Summit County , Ohio .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 .
Willian Anders has a nationality that is of the United States .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is Olympique Lyonnais where Jean - Michel Aulas is the chairman .
Argentinian , Alberto Teisaire was in office while Juan Peron was President . Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina where the dominant language is Spanish .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas where Houston is the largest city .
Footballer Alan Martin , born on 1st January 1989 , has played for both Hamilton Academical FC and Ayr United FC .
Jens Härtel played for Berliner AK 07 .
Alan Bean is a national of the United States . He was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny and for the FC Kuban Krasnodar . The former football club is in Grozny .
The ground of Akron Summit Assault is located at St Vincent St Mary High School in the city of Akron , Ohio Summit County , United states .
Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , is in the Vicenza Calcio club . He manages the A . C . Lumezzane and plays for F . C . Bari 1908 .
The main ingredient of Binignit is banana .
The Al - Taqaddum air base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Haider al - Abadi is the leader of Iraq .
Meringue is an ingredient of the dessert called Baked Alaska . Cookie is also a type of dessert .
The 1st runway at Alderney airport has an asphalt surface .
Alessio Romagnoli who played for the Italy national under - 16 football team , is a member of AC Milan who are in the Serie A league and managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He graduated from NWC , M . A . in 1957 , was a test pilot and crew member of the Apollo 14 , which was operated by NASA .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell , became active in 1963 and signed to Floating World Records . She is associated with artists Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band .
Alessio Romagnoli , who played for the Italian national under - 16 football team , is a member of the under 17 football team , which is coached by , Alessandro Dal Canto .
The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java , where the food Ayam penyet can be found . The dish , which has the main ingredients " squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal , can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
Alredo Zitarrosa is a Candombe singer who records with RCA Records . He is associated with Ciro Perez and Hilario Perez .
The Administrative Science Quarterly ( abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q ) has a LLCN number of 57059226 .
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Bella Center and it has 23 floors and 814 rooms . It was designed by 3XN group . A tenant there is the Marriott International Hotel .
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the Eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and started his career on March 4 , 1901 . He was a member of the Republican Party in the United States and finished his career on March 4th 1905 . Albert B . White ' s successor was William M . O . Dawson .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and Arabic is one of the languages spoken there .
The Battle of Cold Harbor in which Aaronn S Daggett participated , took place during the American Civil War while Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama in the United States .
Auburn , Washington is located in the U . S . where one ethnic group is the Asian Americans .
Anderson , Madison County , Indiana ( Capital : Indianapolis ) is in the United States .
Buzz Aldrin was born January 20 , 1930 .
The author of Aenir , OCLC number 45644811 , is Garth Nix .
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia .
The Olympic Stadium , in Athens , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC .
John van den Brom plays for ADO Den Haag .
Aaron Deer is a bass guitarist who performs indie rock music . Indie rock music usually involves the guitar and originates from new wave music and garage music .
Albany is a city in Dougherty County , Georgia , in the United States . the English speaking country , where Americans live , and where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Padang cuisine has resulted in the creation of the dish Asam pedas .
Tadao Ando is the architect who designed the Akita Museum of Art .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is based in Livorno , Italy .
The ISBN number of A Glastonbury Romance is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
Adam Holloway is a U . K citizen who is a member of the Conservative Party in the United Kingdom .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Zestafoni .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia region of Colombia . It contains lemons which are from the order Sapindales and the family Rutaceae .
John van den Brom is in the Jong Ajax club .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois where the leader is Susana Mendoza .
Abner has played football for Real Madrid Castilla and C . D . FAS .
The American submarine NR - 1 has a ship draft of 4 . 6m and a beam of 3 . 8 metres .
The Aston Martin V8 , manufactured by Aston Martin and the Aston Martin DBS are related means of transport .
The construction of 108 St Georges Terrace began in 1981 .
Oregano can be added to Arrabbiata sauce .
Former Soviet Union international footballer Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia , where the leader is Vladimir Putin . Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow , where the manager was Valery Petrakov .
AFC Blackpool manager Stuary Parker is also attached to Irlam Town and Chesterfield football clubs .
A . C . Cesena ' s ground is Stadio Dino Manuzzi .
Bionico ( dessert ) contains : chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola shredded coconut and raisins . It is found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico .
Abel Hernández plays for the club , U . S . Città di Palermo which is managed by Guiseppe Iachini .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel , who is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 and 1 . FC Union Berlin clubs .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War . These books were preceded by DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes . He was influenced by Robert A . Heinlein .
Alex Day ' s musical genre is Electronic music .
Anderson is part of Adams Township and Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County in the United States . African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States .
B . Zellner was the discoverer of 107 Camilla , which has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States , is led by the New Mexico house of representatives .
Sour cream , chopped fruits , condensed milk . granola , raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico .
T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located .
Dave Challinor is a player of Colwyn Bay F . C . club .
The Arese assembled Alfa Romeo 164 and the Fiat Croma are related means of transportation .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania . Adams County ( Pa ) has Fredericks County ( Maryland ) to its north east ; Cumberland County to its north ; Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast and Franklin County ( Pa ) to its west .
A . S . Roma play in the Serie A league .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who has represented the club FC Sachsen Leipzig and played for Berliner AK 07 .
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau , Moldova and began his Trance music career in 2009 . He is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns .
Akeem Priestley played for Antigua GFC .
The Acura TLX has an Inline - four engine and was assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
The Indian rupee is the currency in India where the leaders are T . S . Thakur and Vajubhai Vala . Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region in India .
AIDA Cruise Line operated AIDAstella , owned by Costa Crociere is 253260mm in length and build by Meyer Werft from Germany .
Berlin is the capital of Germany .
Boston Bruins are based in Boston .
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who became active in the year 2000 . Rhythm and blues music originated from the blues and Funk is its derivative .
Alberto Teisaire , a member of the Justicialist Party , served in office at the same time that Juan Peron was President and Hortensio Quijano was Governor .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is called Mario Botta .
The journal Addiction has the LCCN number 93645978 . It s abreviation is Addiction and is about the same .
" Squeezed " or " smashed " fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from Malaysia and Java .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where English is spoken and the capital is Washington DC . The English language is also spoken in Great Britain .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County of Maryland to its southeast .
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 . He plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and was signed to the label Fiction . He is associated with Marry Banilow .
In 1928 the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established . The current Dean is Thomas Pallesen and there are 16000 students and 737 academic staff . It is affiliated with the European University Association and has the latin name of " Universitas Aarhusiensis " .
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and is owned by P & O . It is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type . Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes is located in London .
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq with a runway length of 3 , 990 is operated by the United States Air Force .
The musician Andrew White is signed to London based Polydor Records . He is a performer of alternative rock , of which nu metal is a fusion genre .
Amsterdam Noord is part of Amsterdam where the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
Buzz Aldrin was an American , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on January 20th , 1930 . He was a retired fighter pilot and a member of the Apollo 11 crew . He spent 52 minutes in space .
Allen Forrest has several alternative names such as Matchstik , Match , Allan , Forrester , Alan , Foster , Forest Matchstick , Matchstix , Allen Forrest .
Aaron Boogaard , whose club is Wichita Thunder , was born in Canada , on August 11th , 1986 .
Agra Airport , located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh , has an elevation of 167 . 94 elevation of 167 . 94 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was produced in Hardcover and written by J . V . Jones . It has the ISBN number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
Anaheim , California is in Orange County , California and is led by the U . S . House of Representatives which is located in Washington , D . C .
The architects James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 .
Randall County is a county located in Texas with the county seat being Canyon .
James Craig Watson died of peritonitis .
A . S . Roma has 70634 members and have a ground in Rome .
Attica , Indiana is part of the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C .
The AIDAstella which is owned by Costa Crociere has a beam of 32 . 2 metres and is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length .
The maiden flight of the Antares rocket was on 28th October 2014 .
Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . This County is east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County . Carrrol County , Maryland can be found to the south east .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , United States . Manhattan is part of New York City , New York , and its leader is Gale Brewer .
Agustín Barboza was born on the 5th , May 1913 and has a background in solo singing . The genre Guarania , is the musical genre that Agustin Barboza is involved in .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island , New York City and died in the New Mexico Territory .
Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico , where the dish bionico is served as a dessert . A cookie can also be a dessert .
The American sub NR - 1 has a 3 . 8m ship beam , a 4 . 6m draft and a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h .
Alison O ' Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak .
William Anders ( born on 1933 - 10 - 17 in British Hong Kong ) retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 date .
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines , where Arabic is one of the languages spoken and where the ethnic groups include Zamboangans and Moro .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey .
Wolf Solent was followed by A Glastonbury Romance .
Test pilot Elliot See was born in Dallas and died February 28th , 1966 in St . Louis . He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is an affiliate of the University of Texas system . .
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy party whose colour is blue and was in office under Antonis Samaras . The successor was Kontantionos Mitsotakis .
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V - 2 ) is built by Cammell Laird and comes from Argentina . Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina , where Argentines live .
Batchoy is originates from the Philippines and served as a soup . Its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
The building at 11 Diagonal Street was started to be erected in 1978 .
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka .
Buzz Aldrin is retired .
The American submarine NR - 1 ; is 45000 . 0 millimetres long , has a top speed of 8 . 334 km / h and a ship beam of 3 . 8 m .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County , Georgia in the U . S . where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi which has a the e - tron division and has a subsidiary call The Quattro Gmbh .
Adare Manor is located in Adare in Munster .
Maiden Castle is a sequel to Weymouth Sands .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel began in 2009 and is associated with artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Jwaydan Moyine .
Amarillo is part of Randall County , Texas , United States .
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan , Alabama .
Fried chicken is an ingredient of the Javan dish Ayam penyet which is popular in Malaysia .
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Sage Publications .
The Audi A1 is a hatchback and is assembled in Brussels , Belgium . It has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a 5 speed manual transmission .
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade , who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf and died in West Germany . He studied at the University of Gottingen and one of his doctoral students was Allan Sandage .
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and played for Torino FC .
The Antares rocket is comparable with the United States originating Delta II which was launched from both the Vandenberg Air Force Base and the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Jazz musician Alison O ' Donnell records for Deram Records and Static Caravan Recordings .
Fir Park is the home ground of Motherwell FC where Alan Martin plays football , , .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio , Switzerland . It was established in 1996 and its dean is Mario Botta . It has 600 students . The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider - Ammann .
200 Public Square is located at Public Square , Cleveland and has a floor count of 45 .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae . It is 34 m above sea level and its length is 518 feet .
3Arena in North Wall , Dublin , whose height is 28 metres , was designed by the company Populous and completed in December 2008 . It hosts various concerts and events .
The USAF , which fought in the Korean War , operates Al Asad airbase .
The capital of the United Kingdom is London which is led by the European Parliament along with Boris Johnson . The country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street and the native people are known as British .
The comic book character Airman was created by Harry Sahle .
Test Pilot Elliot See ( deceased ) was born in Dallas and studied at the University of Texas at Austin .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has an OCLC number of 78771100 .
Abner is a footballer who was born on 30 May 1996 . He belongs to the CD FAS club and plays for Coritiba FC .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell which in turn is the publisher of the journal addiction which has the LCCN number 93645978 .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio , established in 1996 , is located in Ticino in the city of Mendriso . Its dean is Mario Botta and has 600 students .
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 3rd runway has a length of 2939 feet .
Trance musician Andrew Rayel , born in Chisinau , Moldova , began in 2009 . is associated with musicians Jonathan Mendelsohn and Jwaydan Moyine .
The residents of India are the Indian people and the country is led by Sumitra Mahajan . Amdavad ni Gufa is located in the country .
Labour politician , John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham , this city is the hometown of Joh Madin , who was the architect of 103 Colmore Row .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of AS Roma and plays for AC Milan under their manager Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church and was awarded the Purple Heart .
John Cowper Powys , author of A Glastonbury Romance and the book that preceded it , By Wolf Solent , was born in Shirley , Derbyshire .
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Taro and sweet potato ( of the order Solanales ) .
Agra airport has the location identifier VIAG and is located in Awadh , Uttar Pradesh , Bundelkhand .
Michele Marcolini plays for A . C . Chievo Verona .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , which counts Native Americans among its ethnic groups .
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce .
The Abarth 1000 GT has a Coupé body style .
The Purple Finch is a New Hampshire bird .
Baked Alaska is from France , where Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher are leaders .
FC Spartak Moscow plays at Otkrytiye Arena , where Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for Sparta Prague , FC amkar Perm Football club and Moscow ' s Youth team , where he is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev .
200 Public square is in Cleveland , which is part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio , United States . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council and the leader is Frank G Jackson .
The mean temperature at 1001 Gaussia is 154 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London . London is lead via the European Parliament and Boris Johnson is its leader .
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia , Spain . It includes garlic . Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia .
The Honda Accord is made by Honda .
Jens Härtel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club .
250 Delaware Avenue has a floor count of 12 .
Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region where the leader is Halimah Yacob .
The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan .
Most of Atlanta in the United States is within DeKalb County in Georgia where the largest city is Dunwoody .
The Georgian Alan B Miller Hall , designed by Robert A M Stern in Virginia USA , currently houses the Mason School of Business .
Albert B White was born 1856 - 09 - 22 .
Allen Forrest became active in 2005 .
Abilene is part of Texas which is located in the United States of America .
The manager of 1 . FC Koln isPeter Stöger , who plays for SK Rapid Wien club .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . Pakistan is home to Punjab and is led by Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Halton Arp was a doctoral student of Walter Baade who was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and later discovered 1036 Ganymed .
The language of Sri Lanka is the Tamil language .
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of the Atlas II .
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte but the Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District , Eastern Province which is led by Austin Fernando .
Massimo Drago ' s club was Calcio Catania and he played for US Castrovillari Calcio . He is now the manager of A . C . Cesena .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada whose national anthem is O Canada . French is spoken there .
James Craig Watson , a Canadian , discovered 101 Helena . He studied at the University of Michigan and died of peritonitis .
The headquarters of Turkmenistan Airlines are located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . They are the operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport and have a hub at Turkmenabat airport .
The A - Rosa Luna is powered by a MTU Friedrichshafen engine which is owned by Rolls - Royce Holdings and Rolls Royce Power Systems is its parent company .
250 Delaware Avenue is a location in Buffalo , New York , with a floor count of 12 .
Al Anderson plays the guitar for the rock band NRBQ . Rock music originates from country music and blues originated from rock music . Bhangra is a music type coming from rock music also .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra . The Malaysian Malay and chinese are ethnic groups from Malaysia .
Aleksandra Kovac performs in the genre of pop music and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol . Disco music is a fusion genre that contain elements of other genres such as pop music .
The Euro is the currency in the Netherlands , the leader of which , is Mark Rutte . A Netherlands national , Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which is led by Emile Roemer .
Akeem Ayers made his debut with the Tennessee Titans who are coached by Mike Mularkey , and he has previously played for the St Louis Rams , an American football team based in the city of St Louis .
Eric Flint wrote the e - book " 1634 : The Ram Rebellion " . The novel is 512 pages long and the ISBN code is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
Denmark , which is home to the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Abner the footballer , was born on May 30th 1996 and he has represented the Brazil national under 20 team as well as plays for the Coritiba Football Club .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol , which serves the city of Amsterdam , is 3453 . 0 .
German is the official language of Belgium .
Abraham A . Ribicoff was born in New London , Connecticut , the United States ( also home to Native Americans ) .
Anders Osborne has been signed to Rabadash records and Chicago based Alligator Records . He is a performer of rock music , which has a musical fusion called Bhangra .
Alison O ' Donnell , a folk singer , began her musical career in 1963 and played for the Mellow Candle band . She is associated with Bajik .
The Lockheed AC - 130 , a US fighter jet , operates out of Al Asad Airbase , controlled by the United States Air Force . Two USAF operations were the Invasion of Panama and " Operation Enduring Freedom .
Aleksandre Guruli , who is in the FC Zestafoni club , played for the Olympique Lyonnais club whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and is also what A Loyal Character Dancer is written in . A Loyal Character Dancer was published in the United States by Soho Press .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia , Romania . Bucharest is the capital of Romania .
Angola , Indiana , is part of Steuben County , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups , is Asian Americans .
Auburn , Washington is part of the United States .
The Atatürk Monument ( made of bronze ) in Izmir was inaugurated on 1932 - 07 - 27 .
Brian Robertson plays the trombone in the band Suburban Legends .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where the main ethnic group is the Japanese .
William Anders crewed Apollo 8 .
U . K . citizen Alfred Garth Jones , was born in England and died in Sidcup .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey .
Dianne Feinstein is senator in California , the same place Benitoite was found and Alan Shepard died .
The Ataturk Monument ( located in Izmir , Turkey ) is made of Bronze . It was inaugurated on the 27th July , 1932 and it was designed by Pietro Canonica . Turkey ' s leader is President Ahmet Davutoglu .
Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American civil war which included the Battle of Fredericksburg in which Alfred Moore Scales fought .
The Alhambra , which is 63800 . 0 mm long , is powered by the London based , Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States where Susana Mendoza is a leader .
The author of A Fortress of Grey Ice is J . V . Jones .
Alaa Abdul - Zahra ' s club is Shabab Al - Ordon Club that is in the Jordan Premier League . He is also in the AL Kharaitiyat SC located at Al Khor and managed by Amar Osim .
Aaron Boogaard , who plays for Wichita Thunder , was born in Saskatchewan on August 11th 1986 .
Acharya Institute of Technology , whose president is " B . M . Reddy " , locates in Bangalore , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 with current number of Posgraduayed students of 700 with affiliation with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is also known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " and is considered a mid - size luxury executive car .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is the language .
Adam Holloway , a U . K . national , began his career on 5th May 2005 and is a member of the Tories .
Bakso is dish from Indonesia ( capital Jakarta ) . Jusuf Kalla is the leader of the country . The dish is also popular in other Southeastern Asian countries .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken , however there are a large number of ethic groups in the U . S . including Native Americans .
Alison O ' Donnell is signed with the record label Deram Records .
Adam Maher ' s club is AZ Alkmaar .
Some facts about the Philippines : the language spoken is Philippine Spanish , Moro people are an ethnic group , and a regional dish is Batchoy .
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University and has the abbreviation of Admin . Sci . Q . . It has the ISSN number " 0001 - 8392 " and the LCCN number of 57059226 .
Aktieselskab is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which is located at 25 metres above sea level . It has a runway name of 10L / 28R and has a length of 2776 . 0 .
109 Felicitas has a rotational period of 47487 . 6 .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore was established in 2000 and has 700 post - graduate students .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where they speak Spanish and the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto . The dish is a dessert that can sometimes include cottage cheese .
The 1st runway at Abilene Regional Airport is made of Asphalt .
The ALCO RS - 3 has a V12 engine .
Al Anderson plays guitar with the band NRBQ and played once with The Wildweeds . His genre is rock music .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is of the poales order and the class of Monocotyledon .
Abradab performs hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in funk . Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in disco .
Akeem Priestley is in the Harbour View FC youth club and plays for both the Jamaican national football team and Dayton Dutch Lions .
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 and a mass of 6 . 7 kg . 31 December 2006 is the epoch of 110 Lydia which has a periapsis of , 377016000000 . 0 .
The United States House of Representatives is located within the United States and leads Anaheim , California . Spanish is spoken in California .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain , from the region of the Valencian Community . The main ingredients in it are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
Agustin Barboza started out as a solo singer .
Aleksandre Guruli ' s club is FC Dila Gori and he played for the Olympique Lyonnais club whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium .
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Alagoas .
Christian alternative rock is a music sub genre of alternative rock .
Barny cakes , made with apple , contain 1 . 8g of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates and 4 . 8 g of fat .
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students . The university is located in Belgaum .
The US Citta di Palermo are in the Serie A League .
Andrews County , Texas has its county seat in Andrews , Texas and owns the airport with the same name .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , which was assembled in Arese , and the Fiat Croma are related means of transportation .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge New Jersey .
The footballer Alan Martin played for Motherwell Football Club .
The BBC , which is located in London , and where Rona Fairhead is a key person , once broadcast Bananaman and has a product called BBC radio .
Harvard University is A . T . Charlie Johnson ' s almaMater , and they are the editor of AIP advances ( abbr . AIP Adv ) . They reside in the US .
Michele Marcolini is at the Torino F . C . club .
The dark asteroid called 1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
200 Public square is in Cleveland , United States , whose leader is Frank G Jackson and the governing body is Cleveland City Council .
Al Anderson plays the guitar in the NRBQ band .
Adam McQuaid ' s height is 1 . 9558 and he was born in Charlottetown in 1986 .
Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City ( New Jersey ) , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . A Clerk ( municipal official ) is the leader of Atlantic City , N . J , whose area code is 609 .
The location of the BBC is the Broadcasting House in London .
Ernie Colón is a national of Puerto Rico so he is considered Puerto Rican and along with Paris Cullins is the creater of the comic character Bolt .
Anderson is located in Madison County in Indiana , whose total area ir 107 . 43 square kilometers and the elevation above the sea level is 268 . 0 . Its area code is 765 and it has 523 . 9 people per square kilometer .
Alessio Romagnoli played defender for the A . C . Milan team whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović . He also plays for A . S . Roma in Serie A .
Ice cream is an ingredient in Baked Alaska , which comes from China .
The location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is Adams County , Pennsylvania and was established in 2000 where it is categorised as contributing property , .
John van den Brom plays for the Netherlands national football team .
Texas is in the United States where they speak English and the largest city is New York City . Abilene , Texas , is part of Texas but the capital is Austin .
Afonso Pena International Airport , located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , is elevated 2988 feet above sea level .
Operation Enduring Freedom is a battle of the United States Army .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah , Iraq . Fuad Masam is the leader of Iraq , where the language spoken is Arabic .
The builder of the A - Rosa is Neptun Werft located in Rostock , Germany . The capital of Berlin is Germany and its leader is Angela Merkel .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and it is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is found in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan , Artur Rasizade .
Akeem Dent began with Atlanta ' s , Atlanta Falcons . The Falcons are owned by Arthur Blank .
Atlanta has an area code of 404 .
Born in Batumi and 178 cm tall , Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club and for the Dinamo Batumi FC .
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who plays for Vicenza Calcio .
Bo Bibbowski is often called Bibbo and was created by Jerry Ordway .
103 Hera has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an epoch date of August 27th 2011 .
The length of the first runway of Alpena County Regional Airport is 9001 .
Angola , is part of Pleasant Township , which is in Steuben County , Indiana . The town is part of the United States and its total area is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves Curitiba ( part of Parana ) and is in Sao Jose dos Pinhais . Curitiba is part of the South Region , Brazil . The operating organization for the International Airport is Infraero .
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick .
Arem - arem originates from Indonesia , but is more specific to Java . Its main ingredients are compressed rice , cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Neptun Werft , who built the A - Rosa Luna craft , is headquartered in Rostock , Germany . Berlin is the capital of Germany whose leader is called Stanislaw Tillich .
Alvinegro is the nickname of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense .
Stuart Parker was a footballer for Chesterfield FC and is a footballer with the Drogheda United F . C , he also had managed AFC Blackpool .
Anaheim , California is led by the California State Assembly , which is located in California State Capitol and which is part of the California State Legislature .
The A . C . Lumezzane has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in Adams County , PA and was founded in 2000 .
One of the ethnic groups in Romania are the Germans of Romania .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , Texas in the United States .
The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark .
Akeem Adams played for the Trinidad and Tobago national under - 17 football team .
The 45 floor 200 Public Square building is in Cuyahoga County , Cleveland , Ohio in the United States .
The AIDAluna is powered by a Caterpillar Inc , engine . Caterpillar Inc was founded in the US and is located in Peoria , Illinois .
Alberto Teisaire is a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Peron was President . He died in Beunos Aires where Diego Santilli is the leader .
Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader of Sri Lanka , the country where , in Haputale , Adisham Hall is located .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States . The capital of Texas is Austin and the language spoken is English .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore - 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
American Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science , was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Alan Shepard , who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 .
The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord and has a Honda K engine , manufactured by Honda . Acura is a division of the Honda Co .
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County , Georgia in the U . S .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the US , where Albany , Oregon is located .
The ares codes of Austin ( Texas ) are 512 and 737 .
The AMC Matador ' s body style is Coupé .
The fullname of A . C . Chievo Verona who have 39371 members , is Associazione Calcio Chievo Verona S . r . l . . They play in Verona and were in the 2014 - 15 Serie A season .
Elliot See was a United States national born in Dallas . He died in St . Louis .
Angola , Indiana is located in the United States , where the inhabitants are Americans . English is the language spoken in the United States , where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Ahora Madrid is the leading party of Madrid .
The English language is spoken in the United States which includes the African Americans among its ethnic groups . The country is the location of Akron , part of Summit County in Ohio .
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo , New York which is in Erie County New York .
The AIDAstella , is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and its first journey took place on 17 / 03 / 2013 .
With a background as a solo singer , Montevideo born Alfredo Zitarrosa ' s musical genre is Candombe and he is signed to the label Odeon Records .
Musical Artist , Aleksandra Kovač is associated with fellow musical artist Kristina Kovač .
Aleksandre Guruli played for FC Dinamo Batumi and his club is FC Samtredia , whose home ground is located in Erosi Manjgaladze Stadium .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece and is a member of the Green New Democracy Party .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 1936 - 05 - 21 , in Miri , Malaysia . His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he represented the Asajaya region . Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak .
Ace Wilder is an exponent of Hip hop music and one if its sub genre is Gangsta rap .
Condensed milk is used in bionico , .
Rick parker , aka the Arrow was created by Paul Gustavson .
Elliot See was born on 23rd July 1927 in Dallas and served as a test pilot . The nationality of Elliot See is United States and he died in St . Louis .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is associated with Steel Azin F . C and Esteghlal Ahvaz F C ( manager : Adnan Hamad ) .
Abarth are the manufacturers of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
The footballer Abner plays for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and the club , Real Madrid Castilla .
Albany is in Dougherty County , Georgia which is in the United States where English is spoken , Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group .
An alternative name for the comic character Balder is Balder Odinson .
Anders Osborne is a rock musician whose career began in 1989 , and who has associated with the musical artist Billy Iuso , the band Galactic , and Tab Benoit .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico and it ' s leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Anderson , Lafayette Township , Madison County , Indiana , U . S . , is led by the Democratic Party ( with its headquarters in Washington , DC .
Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and Rear Admiral Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza , Argentina . he was succeeded by Isaac Rojas .
Paracuellos de Jarama is located in Spain .
Born in Austria , Hungary , Alfons Gorbach , died in Graz .
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport and to the 1955 Dodge .
Allan Shivers , who worked as the Governor of Texas , was born in Lufkin , Texas .
Elliot See , a student at University of Texas at Austin and was born on 23rd July 1927 .
Adams County is located to the south of Cumberland County and east of Franklin County . Carroll County Maryland lies to the south east and Frederick County to the southwest . The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument was established in the County in 2000 .
Atlanta can be found in the US state of Georgia .
Anders Osborne is signed to the Rabadash Records label and the record label Alligator Records which is associated with the Blues .
Alvah Sabin was from Vermont where the largest city is Burlington . He was a member of the United States Whig Party who represented the state ' s third Congressional District . The Whig Party was led by Daniel Webster .
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3500 . 0 .
Dick Dillin is the creator of the comic book character Aurakles .
The character Bolt was created Paris Cullins , from the United States .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , part of Cuyahoga County in Ohio .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita ; Akita Prefecture , Japan , where the leader is Taro Aso and has a Brazilian ethnic group .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , which leader is Joko Widodo and the language is indonesian .
Kuala Lumpur is the Malaysian capital .
The National Assembly ( Azerbaijan ) is the source of legislature in Azerbaijan .
William Anders served as a crew member on Apollo 8 .
Albert B . White was born in Cleveland and was married to Agnes Ward White . Mr . White was succeeded by William M . O . Dawson who was born in Bloomington , Maryland .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and was hired by NASA in 1963 performed as a test pilot . He served as a crew member of Apollo 12 , that is operated by NASA . David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was a backup pilot .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County , Georgia in the U . S . where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Available in hardcover , A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the leader is Shinzo Abe . Japan ' s Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Ahmet Eregum is originally from Washington , D . C . , in the United States . His musical genre is the Blues and his background is as a non performing personnel .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 . It was discovered by Spacewatch .
Alan Shepard has died in California . A United States national , he was born on 18 November 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA and became a crew member aboard Apollo 14 .
English is the spoken language in both Great Britain and the United States . In the United States , Washington D . C . is the capital , the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written and there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans .
Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Pakistan has a runway length of 3360 . 12 . The runway name is 18L / 36R .
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey , the capital of which is Trenton . New Jersey is located within the United States , where the biggest city is New York City .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid - Barajas Airport has an elevation of 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
The Aston Martin DBS ( manufactured by Aston Martin ) is related to the Aston Martin V8 , which is assembled in the United Kindgom ( led by Elizabeth II ) . The Aston Martin Vantage succeeded the Aston Martin DBS .
Ahmet Ertegun , was born in Istanbul , Turkey , and plays rhythm and blues , a derivative of which , is disco .
19255 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kgs , an epoch of 31 December 2006 , an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 , a periapsis of 615591000000 . 0 and an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km per second .
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township , Madison County , in Indiana , United States . Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana , where American English is spoken .
Ab Klink studied at Erasmus University Rotterdam , which belongs to the Association of MBAs . Klink was born in the Netherlands , where the currency used is the euro .
Taylor County in Texas is the location of Abilene . It is located in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the English language is spoken .
Sheldon Moldoff is the creator of Black Pirate .
English is spoken in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob . Ayam penet is from Singapore and Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis , who served in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . Samaras , whose deputy was Evangelos Venizelos , was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
The Dead Man ' s Plack is a rock structure located in England ( capital : London ) , and dedicated to Æthelwald , Ealdorman of East Anglia .
Henry Clay was the leader of the Whig Party of the U . S . Alvah Sabin is from Vermont and he represented their 3rd Congressional District . He also belongs to the Whig Party . Burlington is Vermont ' s largest city .
Allen Forrest has various alternative names such as Matchstik , Match , Allan , Forrester , Alan , Foster , Forest Matchstick , Matchstix , Allen Forrest .
The musician Andrew White was signed to the record label Fiction and is with the record label Polydor Records . Polydor Records is located in London .
Bionico contains raisins and is a dessert . Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in the Akita Prefecture , which is in Akita , Akita , Japan .
Ace Wilder ’ s musical background is as a solo singer and exponent of hip hop . Hip hop music has origins in funk and disco , and Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music .
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaar and plays for both R . S . C . Anderlecht and De Graafschap .
Nikolai Chernykh discovered 11264 Claudiomaccone .
The asteroid called 10 Hygiea , has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbr . Acta Palaeontol . Pol , ISSN 1732 - 2421 , LCCN 60040714 ) was published by the Institute of Paleobiology , Polish Academy of Sciences .
With the LCCN number 32024459 , Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the abbreviation Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg .
A . C . Chievo Verona is playing in his ground at Verona .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Harrietstown , New York .
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri , Malaysia , now lives in Kuching and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu .
Located on 23rd Street Manhatten , Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 where its reference number is 80002709 .
Asam pedas , from the Malay Peninsula region , is a food found in Malaysia . A country where Abdul Halim of Kedah is the leader and where Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups .
Harvard University is the alma mater of A T Charlie Johnson , who is the editor of AIP Advances ( published by American Institute of Physics ) .
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans and later played for the Los Angeles Rams , whose home ground is the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
Adisham Hall is located in the country of Sri Lanka .
Ahmet Ertegun plays rhythm and blues , a derivative of which is Disco .
Carlo Abarth founded Abarth Company that made the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé .
The leader of the U . K . is Elizabeth II .
Alligator Records main genre of music is the blues .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where English is the spoken language .
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where Rome is the capital .
Staten Island ( New York ) is the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain , who died in Dona Ana County , New Mexico .
Alexandria is located in Indiana , part of Madison County which has Anderson as its largest city .
Bionico and ice cream are types of dessert . One of the ingredients of Bionico is granola .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial ( known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı ) has been dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is located in Baku , Azerbaijan .
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is in Dublin , Leinster where the Lord Mayor is Criona Ni Dhalaigh .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi , and became active in the rhythm and blues genre in 1930 . Disco is a derivative of Rhythm and blues , which originated from blues music .
The location of Alpena County Regional Airport is Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was designed by the Itilian company , Gruppo Bertone .
Abradab is from Katowice , in Poland .
Abner W . Sibal was born in Ridgewood , Queens and worked for the Connecticut Senate from the 26th district .
Atlantic City is in Atlantic County , New Jersey in the United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of the U . S .
The AIDAluna began its service on 22 March , 2009 and it is 252000 . 0 mms in length .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , Opel Vectra and Fiat Croma are similar means of transport . The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a V6 engine .
Lancashire born Bill Oddie was the star of Bananaman , broadcasted by the BBC out of the broadcasting house in London .
Barny cakes , which were invented in 1999 can be served in 30g sizes and these contain 1 . 8g of protein , 18 . 0g of carbohydrates and 4 . 8g of fat .
New York - born Albert Jennings Fountain fought in the American Civil War which had Abraham Lincoln as one of its commanders .
Aarhus Airport which is also known as 10L / 28R is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and is 25 . 0 metres above sea level . It has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas state , whose capital city is Austin and Spanish is one of the spoken language there .
The bakewell tart is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area .
Aleksandre Guruli , formally of FC Karpaty Lviv , now plays with AS Lyon - Duchère . He was born in the Soviet Socialist Republic of Georgia and is 178 . 0 centimetres .
Wichita Thunder member , Aaron Boogaard , was born in 1986 , in Regina , Saskatchewan .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , whose capital is Washington , D . C . and one of whose leaders is Joe Biden .
109 Felicitas has an average speed of 17 . 73 kilometres per second .
HIV is classed as a Retrovirus and is of the genus Lentivirus . The AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS .
10 Hygiea - formerly known as A900 GA - had its epoch date on 27th June 2015 . It has am escape velocity of 0 . 21 km / s and its periapsis is 416136000000 . 0 .
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore and Halimah Yacob is also a leader of Singapore . Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore . Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and is a popular food of Indonesia .
Akeem Adams played for the club T & TEC Sports Club and played for United Petrotrin FC .
" Mark Desmond " is also known as the comic character Blockbuster who was created by Roger Stern and Tim Lyle .
300 North LaSalle , Chicago is 120770 . 0 square metres , completed in 2009 , and has 60 floors .
Adam Holloway , who as in the Grenadier Guards , was born in Kent . His Alma mater is Magdalene , College , Cambridge .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense , whose nickname is Alvinegro , play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . Previous champions of the Serie C were Vila Nova Futebol Clube .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , built in 1913 with the architectural style of American Craftsman , are located in Pacific Grove , California . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with ref number 87000823 .
New York City is the largest city of the United States .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S .
The French language is spoken in Canada .
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar for Sumac and Mamiffer bands . His genre is black metal whose musical fusion is death metal .
The nationality of Paris Cullins is United States .
Alison O ' Donnell performed for the band United Bible Studies and is associated with Plastik Mak .
Auburn is located in Alabama U . S . where Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The birth place of Allan Shivers is Lufkin , Texas and he was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States . He was a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur and his successor was Price Daniel .
Michele Marcolini is affiliated with the youthclub Torino F . C .
Both the Minotaur IV rocket and the Antares rocket were launched from the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 .
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 .
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Singapore in Indonesia . The chicken is smashed and served hot with sambal .
Michigan is a great state , it ' s capital is Lansing . There is also the city of Ann Arbor , which is in Washtenaw County , al off which Spanish is spoken .
A . C . Cesena ' s ground is located in Italy and they are part of the Serie B league which was previously won by Carpi FC 1909 .
Ex - A D Isidro Metapán manager Jorge Humberto , currently playing for FC Dallas and the El Salvador national football team , is attached to the club CD Aguila .
Akeem Dent used to play for the Atlanta Falcons in Atlanta .
Attica , Indiana is in Fountain County , Indiana U . S .
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou , French Guiana .
The Aston Martin Virage is like the Aston Martin DBS which is produced in Queen Elizabeth II ruled UK . The Aston Martin V8 was the car that succeeded the Virage .
West Germany was the birthplace of Agnes Kant , who worked as the Parliamentary group leader .
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and died in Asunción , a part of Gran Asunción . Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay , and Paraguay has a ethnic group called the Mestizo .
The 1955 Dodge has a straight six engine .
Walter Baade died in Göttingen .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and its 5th runway number is 18 .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV and also in the Bundesliga for SV Werderr Bremen under their manager Viktor Skrypnyk .
Akeem Adams has played for Ferencvarosi TC and represented Trinidad and Tobago at under 20 level .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of the United States , with its capital as Washington DC . The U . S . is also home to Native Americans .
Alison O ' Donnell , who is signed with the record label Stanyan Records , plays jazz music ; one of the Jazz derivatives is Funk .
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in the United States . He fought in the American Civil War , where one of the commanders was Jefferson Davis .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States , where English is spoken , and where the capital is Washington DC .
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena whose club is the S . S . Chieti Calcio . and played for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
Alexandria is part of Madison County , Indiana in the U . S .
The leader of the United States is Joe Biden .
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 .
The 3Arena hosts concerts and events .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in the Brazilian Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion can be found in hardcover .
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Sago is included along with the main ingredient of banana .
Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia .
Buzz Aldrin ( born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 ) was selected to work for NASA in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of the County of Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dales . This community is known for Bakewell pudding . One variation , the Bakewell tart , is made with shortbread pastry .
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle assembled in Marysville , Ohio with a V6 engine and an AWD vehicle layout .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States and led by the New Mexico Senate . The leader in the U . S . is Barack Obama . An ethnic group there is Native Americans .
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA is abbreviated to A . C . Lumezzane , they have 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro league .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Science and has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol . Pol . . It is also identified by an ISSN number ( 0567 - 7920 ) , a CODEN code ( APGPAC ) and the ISSN number ( 0567 - 7920 ) .
The comic book character , Aurakles , was created by Dick Dillin and Len Wein .
The country of origin of the ALV X - 1 is the United States , where the leader is the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group . The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C , and the national anthem is The Star Spangled Banner .
Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II , the war Allan Shivers , serving in the United States Army , fought in .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama leads the country .
Kochi is the leader of Kerala which is the location of the AWH Engineering College that has an academic staff of 250 .
The battle of Fredericksburg was part of the American Civil War military conflict while Abraham Lincoln was a commander . One of the participants in the battle was Alfred Moore Scales who lived in the United States which has the Native Americans as an ethnic group .
The runway length of Alderney Airport is 497 . 0 .
Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren , Bobina , Mark Sixma , Jonathan Mendelsohn , Christian Burns , Jwaydan , Alexander Popov , Jano , Alexandre Bergheau , Jonny Rose , Sylvia Tosun , Lira Yin and Alexandra Badoi . He has performed the genre of Trance music .
Peter Stöger ' s club is the FC Admira Wacker Mödling .
Batagor and shumai ( and its variation of Siomay ) are kinds of the same dish .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow , which comes from Indonesia .
The Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader of Manchester .
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens , Greece .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States which uses the English language and where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans . The city of Alabama is found in the country in Dougherty County , Georgia .
250 Delaware Avenue was built for 110 million dollars and is located in the United States . It has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
Englishman N . R . Pogson , who died in Chennai , was the discoverer of 107 Camilla .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio in Switzerland .
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain , the leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain , Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , where the leader is Susana Mendoza . Chicago is part of Illinois , United States where the language spoken is English .
1000 Piazzia ( formerly " 1923 NZ1951 OB " ) , has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and the epoch date , 2015 - 06 - 27 .
Ayam penyet is from Singapore and Java ( home of the Baduy people ) . In Singapore English is one language spoken .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania , has a large percentage of students from the native ethnic group , Germans of Romania .
The Delta II originates from the United States and launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Base . It is comparable to the Antares rocket which launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and is signed to the record labels Fiction and B - Unique Records . He was a member of Kaiser Chiefs and is associated with Marry Banilow .
Honda is the manufacturer of the Acura TLX , which has an engine size of 3 . 5 litres .
Meyer Werft is located in German and built the AIDAstella .
Christian Panucci , who manages A . S . Livorno Calcio , used to play for both A . S . Roma and Real Madrid CF .
Allan Shivers was Governor of Texas .
Adam Koc was awarded the Officer ' s Star , Parasol .
AIDAluna , owned by AIDA Cruises , is powered by Caterpillar Inc . Caterpillar Inc , with key member Douglas R Oberhelman , was founded in California and located in the United States .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of the Italian Amatriciana sauce as well as pecorino romano .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom .
The epoch of 1000 Piazzia , which was formerly called 1923 NZ1951 OB , is June 27th , 2015 . Its escape velocity is . 0252 kilometres per second , it has an orbital period of 488 , 160 and a periapsis of 352 , 497 , 000 , 000 kilometres .
John van den Brom plays for Jong Ajax .
" A Wizard of Mars " was published in the United States , where the leader is known as the President .
Peter Stöger , previously of SK Rapid Wien , is affiliated with the SC Wiener Neustadt club and manages 1 . FC Koln .
Solo blues singer Albennie Jones was born in Errata , Mississippi n 1914 .
Staten Island , New York City , was the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain .
Andrew Rayel performs Trance music which has its origins in House music . Mr . Rayel is associated with Bobina and Jwaydan Moyine , musician .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo , New York and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) . Construction of the building began in January 2014 .
The Acharya Institure of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated to the Visvesaraya Technological University . It was also given the " Technical Campus " status by the All India Council for Technical Education , which is located in Mumbai . Bangalore ' s founder was Kempe Gowda I .
Arlington is part of the state of Texas , where the largest city is Houston .
The American sub NR - 1 has a beam of 3 . 8m and a top speed of 8 . 334 .
Sauli Niinisto is the leader of Finland .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument ' s location is Adams County , Pennsylvania . To the north of Adams County lies , Cumberland County , Pennsylvania . Close to Adams County lie two Maryland counties - Carroll County to the southeast and Frederick County to the southwest .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin . Elliot was selected by NASA IN 1962 to serve as a test pilot . Elliot died on 28th February in 1966 .
Harcourt is the publisher of A Wizard of Mars , which was preceded by Wizards at War .
The musical genre of Andrew Rayel is trance music . Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Christian Burns .
A Loyal Character was written by Qiu Ziaolong , can be found in hardcover and has 360 pages .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is found in the city of Aarhus which has Magistrate as its government type .
Alex Day was born in the United Kingdom where London is the capital .
109 Felicitas has an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometres per second .
In the United Kingdom , the leader ( Queen ) is Elizabeth II , English is the primary language , and the AIDS journal was also published here by Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was originally published in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United States . Washington D . C . is the capital of the US and part of the population is ethnically African American .
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province of Sri Lanka : which is led by Ranil Wickremesinghe , has the rupee as currency and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is classified as an executive type car with a Sedan body style and a Straight four engine and a 6 - speed manual Getrag transmission . It is also known as the " Alfa Romeo 168 " .
200 Public Square is located in Cuyahoga County , Cleveland , Ohio in the United States .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in 1996 and is situated in the city of Mendrisio , Switzerland . The Dean is Mario Botta and there are 600 students .
The llocano people are an ethnic group from the Philippines .
Dane Whitman , alter ego Black Knight , was created by John Buscema .
Gettysburg in Adams County , Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . Adams County is south of Cumberland County and north east of Frederick County , Maryland .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad ' s club is Esteghlal Ahvaz F C managed by Adnan Hamad , and he also plays for PAS Tahran FC .
( 29075 ) 1950 DA has a mass of 4 . 0 kilograms and an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 . It has a periapsis of 124950000000 . 0 and an epoch date of August 27th 2011 .
Established in 1928 , the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is located in the country of Denmark whose current leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen .
A T Charlie Johnson , a United States national , is editor of AIP Advances and doctoral advisor for Michael Tinkham .
Abel Hernandez , who plays for Hull City AFC , also plays in the Uruguayan Primera Division for Penarol youth club managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva .
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is in Al Khor . His club is also Al - Zawra ' a SC .
The county seat of Madison , County Indiana is Anderson where Alexandria and Indianpolis ( capital of Indiana ) is part of .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya / Kub , was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House built in 1911 is located at U . S . Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Olympique Lyonnais club whose chairman is Jean - Michel Aulas .
Otkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak Moscow .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Harrietstown , New York , United States .
Alison O ' Donnell ' s musical genre is folk rock and she plays the bodhrán .
The wheelbase of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is 2160 millimetres .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , which leader is Abdul Halim of Kedah and its capital is Putrajaya .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group . The English language is the national language of Great Britain and the United States .
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and also Singapore where English is spoken and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
The launch site of the Delta II was at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : : The Galileo Affair . It was written by Eric Flint who was influenced by Robert A Heinlein and was born in Burbank , California .
Buzz Aldrin was born January 30 , 1930 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D in 1963 . His occupation was a fighter pilot , was a crew member of Apollo 11 , he ' s a US national and is now retired .
Neptun Werft , whose HQ is in Rostock , Germany , made the A Rosa Luna . Germans inhabit Germany whose leader is Angela Merkel .
108 St Georges Terrace cost 120 million Australian dollars and has 50 floors .
Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located at Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , Karnataka , India . The Institute was established in 2000 , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad was born on the 1st July 1976 .
AEK Athens F . C . , with their ground in Athens , play in the Superleague Greece in which Olympiacos F . C . were past champions .
The A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece , where Greek is spoken and the currency is the euro . It is also where two of the leaders are , Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras .
Chuck Fletcher is the general manager of the Minnesota Wild .
Alberto Teisaire worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate . His political party was the Justicialist Party . Juan Peron was President while Mr . Teisaire was in office .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy , where the leaders are Laura Boldrini and Matteo Renzi , the capital is Rome and the people that live there are called Italians .
The ALV X - 1 was manufactured by Alliant Techsystems , who produce the XM25 CDTE .
Antioch , California time zone offset is - 7 .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the ISSN number 1558 - 2868 and the abbreviation " ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . " .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States , a country where one of the ethnic groups are Asian Americans .
The birth place of Abdul Taid Mahmud was the Kingdom of Sarawak and his successor was , Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub , who was in office while Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman was Vice President .
Beef kway teow is available nationwide in Singapore ( where its from ) and Indonesia . The main ingredients in it are ; Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Auburn , Washington is part of the United States , where Washington D , C , . is the capital .
20 Fenchurch Street was completed in April 2014 .
John Sanchez is the Senate leader of New Mexico .
The total area of Anaheim California is 131 . 6 sq km .
The California State Senate is part of the California State Legislature and leads Anaheim , California .
Abilene is part of Jones County in Texas , in the United States . The country , where English is spoken , and where Washington D . C . is the capital .
The Aston Martin V8 , related to the Aston Martin RHAM / 1 , is assembled in the United Kingdom and has an engine volume of 5 . 3 litres .
The 200 Public Square has 45 floors and was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu and the currency is the lira .
Francois Hollande and Claude Bartolone are leaders of France . A national dessert is called Barny cakes , which were crated by Mondelez International in Chicago .
Albuquerque , New Mexico , USA is part of Bernalillo County and is led by The New Mexico House of Representatives . They speak English here .
Cleveland born Albert B White , who was married to Agnes Ward White , is a member of the Republican Party of the United States . His career began on March 4th 1901 and ended exactly four years later .
The capital of Italy is Rome .
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Romania in 1986 . She has had a career singing the musical genre of dance pop .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , USA , is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000 .
The Atlas II , with a 3 . 04m diameter , was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 . Its final flight was 3 / 16 / 1998 .
The languages spoken in the Philippines are Philippine Spanish and Arabic . Batchoy is eaten there and the ethnic groups are the Zamboangans and the Igorot people .
London is the capital of the United Kingdom , from which Adam Holloway is a citizen He was in the Grenadier Guards , in the military and was involved in Gulf War battles . John Major was a commander during the Gulf War .
Abilene is in Texas , USA , as is Houston , its largest city . Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Texas and the capital of the USA is Washington , D . C .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio . Its dean is called Mario Botta and it has 600 students .
The AIDAluna has a length of 252000 . 0 mms and its christening date was 4 April 2009 .
Ska punk originated from ska music and is the musical genre of Aaron Bertram . He plays for the Kids Imagine Nation band and the Suburban Legends band whose trombonist is Brian Robertson .
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music which is where Drum and bass derives its sounds from .
Georgia international footballer Aleksandre Guruli is 178cm tall and has played for FC Karpaty Lviv .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of Shumai or Siomay and hails from Indonesia .
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0 . 0068 km / sec , its periapsis is 288749000000 . 0 and had its epoch date on 2005 - 11 - 26 . It has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and its apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
The Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah Iraq . Kurdish is spoken in Iraq where Haider al - Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders .
Alan Frew , a rock music player , comes from Canada where French is spoken . Rock music gets its origins in folk music and Bhangra music is a fusion of rock music .
Rome is the capital of Italy .
Alternative rock performer Andrew White plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs . Alternative rock can be traced back to New Wave music and later the genre helped give rise to Nu Metal .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy . It is a similar means of transport as the Saab 9000 and Lancia Thema .
Attica , is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana . It is 166 metres above sea level , has a total area of 4 . 14 square kilometres , and has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
Attached to club Delfino Pescara 1936 , Massimo Drago , has been the manager of A C Cesena . The club is in Serie B league , the previous champions of which are , Carpi FC 1909 .
Abner W . Sibal served in the United States Army which was involved in battles in the Spanish - American War .
The main ingredient of binignit is sago , and it also contains banana . The dish comes from the Mindanao region of the Philippines .
The branch of military Albert Jennings Fountain belonged to was 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It has 700 post - graduate students and it ' s president is B . M . Reddy .
The bacon explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United states .
Ashgabat International Airport has a runway named 12R / 30L .
One of the battles Aaron S . Daggett fought in , was the Second Battle of Rappahannock Station .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for the Al Asad airbase in Iraq . The runway name of the airbase is called 09L / 27R and it is 3 , 990 long .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 play in Serie D .
Atlanta is part of Fulton County in Georgia , United States .
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and the leader is called the President . A political leader there is John Roberts and White Americans are one ethnic group of the country .
Alberto Teisaire , was born in Mendoza in Agentina and worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate .
1634 The Ram Rebellion is available in paperback .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County , Maryland to its southeast .
Bakso , with the main ingredients ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots , is a dish that comes from the country of Indonesia .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Ponteareas , was in office during the reign of Monarch , Juan Carlos I of Spain .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a sedan with a straight four engine .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes which is located in Spain and considered part of the community of Madrid . this airport is operated by ENAIRE which also in the city of Madrid .
Albennie Jones was born in the U . S . A and is a rhythm and blues ( which has disco as a derivative ) artist .
ALV X - 1 comes from the US whose capital is in Washington , D . C . Americans live in that country as well as White Americans who are considered an ethnic group in the U . S .
Alex Day is a solo singer .
Alberto Teisaire was in office while Labour Party member Juan Peron , who was married to Eva Peron , was President of Argentina . Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where Horacio Rodríguez Larreta was the leader .
Aaron Hunt has played for Hamburger SV and for Vfl Wolfsburg , which is managed by Dieter Hecking .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to Am . J . Math . It has the ISSN number " 0002 - 9327 " .
The length of the runway at Andrews County Airport is 1773 metres .
Alfons Gorbach , whose death place was Graz in Styria , was born in Imst , Austria - Hungary .
Aenir , written by Garth Nix , has the OCLC number 45644811 , the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 and is available in paperback .
Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert , as is Baked Alaska . Baked Alaska comes from France , where Gerard Larcher is a leader .
The AIDAluna is powered by a Caterpillar Inc . engine , has a ship beam of 32 . 2 and a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres . She was christened on 4 April 2004 and had her maiden voyage on 22 March 2009 .
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin .
The musical genre Afrobeat is a fusion genre and contains elements of other genres such as Jazz , the music that Alison O ' Donnell plays .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore .
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of A . S . Roma and plays for AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic .
Netherlands born , Ab Klink attended Erasmus University Rotterdam , is a member of Christian Democratic Appeal party and is a member of the Senate .
Massimo Drago was once a player for US Castrovillari Calcio and has been the manager of A C Cesena . He was also at the club ASD Licita 1931 .
AFC Ajax has 53502 members and they payed in season 2014 .
Mamnoon Hussain is the leader of Pakistan where the the city of Lahore is . This city is served by Allama Iqbal International airport which is located in Punjab Pakistan .
Akron in Ohio is at a height of 306 . 0 above sea level with a population density of 1239 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . It has a total area of 161 . 54 sq km and the area codes are 234 and 330 .
Alhambra was wrecked and had a ship beam of 8 . 3m .
Amatriciana sauce contains olive oil and comes from Italy .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in Operation Enduring Freedom . This Airforce has a number of aircraft , including aircarft fighter , the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle and transport aircraft , the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster II . Also the Lockheed AC - 130 can be found on USAF aircraft carriers .
Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has 17000 members and play in 2015 .
Red is the colour of the Socialist Party ( Netherlands ) .
The Alpena County Regional Airport in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan has a runway called 1 / 19 and its length is 1533 . 0 . The airport serves people in Alpena , Michigan and is 210 meters above sea level .
Sergio Marchionne was a key person at Dodge , which manufactured the 1955 Dodge car .
The German empire was the birthplace of Walter Baade .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and it is 211 metres above sea level .
Alison O ' Donnell is a jazz musician signed to Static Caravan Recordings .
The temperature of 101 Helena is 173 kelvins .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Meride in Mendrisio .
Aaron Turner started performing in 1995 and played with the band Twilight . He is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band , whose musical genre is , Black Metal .
Neptun Werft , who built the A - Rosa Luna , is located in Rostock , Germanany . Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader of Germany and Germans is the demonym for people who live there .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore , Karnataka India . The institute ' s president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . The campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 .
The ALV X - 1 originated in the United States , has a diameter is 1 . 524 metres and launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) ' s 3rd runway is surfaced with Poaceae ( division of flowering plants ) . Poaceae is placed in the order of Commelinids and classified as Monocotyledon .
Anders Osborne is an exponent of Rock music and belongs to the record label , Rabadash Records .
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 3 Liga League in the 2014 season .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire is the Chief of the Astronaut Office , .
The luxury Acura TLX with its AWD and V6 engine is made in Marysville , Ohio .
The United States Air Force fought battles in the Korean war and operates the Al Asad Airbase .
George Brenner is the creator of Bozo the Iron Man whose alter ego is Hugh Hazzard .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens , Greece . He was the Deputy Minister for Development , Competitiveness and Shipping .
1st Baron , John Reith was the founder of the BBC which is located in London and showed the TV series , Bananaman . Another product of the BBC is BBC radio .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the people are known as Texans . The language spoken in Texas is English and the capital city is Austin .
Washington D . C . is the capital of the USA where the leader is President Barack Obama . 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States .
101 Helena has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 km / s .
Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
Cumberland county , Pennsylvania is north of Adams County , Pennsylvania .
New York City is the largest city of the United States and the capital is Washington DC . Auburn is part of King County in the state of Washington in the United States .
The Alhambra , which had the length of 63800 . 0 millimetres , has a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes power type in Deptford .
The 3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland , where Dáil Éireann is a leader and Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor . The owner of 3Arena is Live Nation Entertainment .
Brazilians are One of the ethnic groups in Japan the country where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , in Akita Prefecture .
Punjab is in Pakistan .
The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan which is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab .
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is part of the Esteghlal Ahvaz F . C .
Abel Caballero ' s alma mater is the University of Santiago de Compostela .
Alpena County Regional Airport , which serves Alpena Michigan , is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . The Airport has a runway length of 1 , 533 and is 210 metres above sea level .
The place of death for Alfred Garth Jones was Sidcup .
The currency of The Netherlands is the Euro . Ab Klink , a Netherlands national , attended Erasmus University Rotterdam , which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs .
Suburban Legends performs Ska music .
The operating organization for Ashgabat International Airport is called Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters is in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . Its runway length is 900 m . Turkmenabat airport is the hub for Turkmenistan airlines .
Bananaman last aired on 15th April 1986 .
New Zealand ' s Ardmore Airport has a third type of runway surface , Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
The Euro is the currency in the Netherlands , the country Ab Klink is from and where Mark Rutte , is the leader .
Jefferson Davis was a commander during the American Civil War where Alfred Moore Scales participated in the Battle of Chancellorsville .
Aaron Turner played with the band Twilight and performed for House of Low Culture .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is made of poaceae in the order of Poales and Commelinids and in the class of Monocotyledon .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover , ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 , OCLC number 57392246 and has 292 pages .
Adam McQuaid was drafted to the Columbus Blue Jackets out of Columbus , Ohio and whose general manager is Jarmo Kekalainen . He now plays for the Boston centered Boston Bruins .
66391 199 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0 and an apoapsis measurement of 162164091 . 8388 km .
Most of Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in the US state of Georgia .
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written in it but comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington , D . C .
AIDAluna are owned by AIDA Cruises who are located in Germany .
Disco music is a fusion genre of pop music which is the genre of music of Aleksandra Kovač , who is an artist for the band K2 and is associated with the musical artist Kornelije Kovač .
The launch site of the Antares rocket was the Mid - Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 , which is also associated with the Minotaur V rocket . The Antares rocket is comparable with the United States Delta II , which was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Peñarol play in the Uruguayan Primera División .
Alison O ' Donnell plays jazz music and was once signed to Deram Records .
A Wizard of Mars is published in English ( language of Great Britain ) in the United States . The capital city there is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there .
Alan Bean graduated in 1955 from UT Austin with a B . S and was chosen by NASA in 1963 as a crew member aboard Apollo 12 where David Scott was the commander .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and lives in the Netherlands . Her alma mater is Radboud University Nijmegen and she was a member of the House of Representatives .
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy , which is also where Amatriciana sauce comes from .
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay . Uruguayans is a demonym for Uruguay , and Tabaré Vazquez and Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez are leaders of Uruguay .
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a recording label in RCA Records in which Legacy Recordings is the distributing company .
The Aston Martin Virage , made by the company Aston Martin , succeeded the Aston Martin V8 which has a 5 . 3 litre engine and is related to Aston Martin RHAM / 1 .
Anderson is located in Madison County , Indiana .
Akeem Dent used to play for the Houston Texans , who play in Texas .
The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Marv Wolfman .
Barny cakes , which are made of sponge cake , can be found in France , where French is the language spoken and where Manuel Valls and Claude Bartolone are leaders .
Batagor comes from Indonesia , it is a variation on the dish Shumai or Siomay , and includes peanut sauce . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia .
Alessio Romagnoli ' s club is the Italy national under 19 football team and he is in the Italy national under 16 ' s football team coached by Daniele Zoratto .
Houston is the largest city in English speaking Texas , which Austin is part of . Austin is part of Williamson County , the country seat of which , is Georgetown .
Spanish born Abel Caballero was in office during the reign of Juan Carlos I of Spain .
The largest city in India is Mumbai , but the AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala where Kochi is the state leader . The College has an academic staff of 250 .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of the United States The country where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and where Albany ( part of Oregon ) , is located .
Amarillo Texas has a population density of 746 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion , part of Gran Asunción .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region , Colombia . The main ingredients are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Elliot See , who was chosen by NASA in 1962 to serve as a test pilot , was born in Dallas .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in Asherton , a part of Dimmit County , Texas .
The rotation period for 1089 Tama is 17 . 28 and the apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 km .
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland is located in Ticino . Its was created in 1996 , has 600 students and 100 employees and its dean is Mario Botta .
1950 DA has a mass of 4 . 0 kilograms and an orbital period of 69862200 . 0 .
Adisham Hall is in the architectural style of " Tudor and Jacobean " .
Doug Moench received the Eagle Award in the comics field .
There are 23 floors in the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Ahmedabad .
Alan Bean was an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th March 1932 . He was a test pilot , who was selected by NASA in 1963 . He became a member of the Apollo 12 crew .
Balder is a comic character created by Stan Lee and the American , Jack Kirby . His alternative name is Balder Odinson .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is a monument created in red granite and white marble by its designers Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner , and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is found in Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , a country led by Artur Rasizade , and with the National Assembly as its source of legislature .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore as well as from Java . The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal .
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena , Michigan .
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and his alma mater is Leiden University . He belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and worked as a Member of the House of Representatives .
Andra is a singer and her music genre is Dance - pop . She is associated with the bands CRBL and the musician Marius Moga .
Albert Jennings Fountain was in office while Edmund J . Davis was Vice President . Mr . Fountain died in the U . S .
Bhajji is a snack that is similar to Pakora .
Akeem Ayers has played for the Los Angeles Rams , the club which is located in LA .
Born in Spain , Abel Caballero , worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies .
Peter Stoger plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling .
One of the ethnic groups living in the United States are the Asian Americans . The country is the location of Austin , Texas which is led by the City Manager .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester where the Labour Party is in the majority .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is situated in the city of Aarhus .
Malays and Malaysian Chinese are both ethnic groups in Malaysia , a country whose capital is Putrajaya . Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia .
The Baku Turkish Martyr ' s Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner .
STV broadcast Bananaman starring Bill Oddie .
The Dutch language is spoken in Antwerp , Belgium in which Antwerp International Airport is located .
Sandesh ( confectionery ) can be served as a dessert , as can Binignit which contains the ingredient of sago .
Siniša Mihajlović manages A . C . Milan where Alessio Romagnoli currently plays .
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs .
Julia Morgan was born in California , where she designed the Riverside Art Museum . One of the significant buildings that she designed was the Asilomar State Beach , and she has also designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crocier who owns the ship AIDAstella . AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft , located in Papenburg , and is operated by AIDA Cruises .
In the country of Colombia , the Antioquia Department is where Bandeja paisa is found . One of the ingredients in this dish is Avocado which has the genus Persea and belongs to the Lauraceae family .
Abarth was founded by Carlo Abarth in Bologna , . It is the manufacturer of the Abarth 1000 GT Coupé which was designed by Gruppo Bertone .
Aaron Hunt played for the SV Werder Bremen youth team .
Noodles are an ingredient in the Philippines dish called Batchoy .
Abel Caballero , who was born in Galicia Spain , worked at the Ministry of Public Works and Transport in Spain and belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority ( in Mamnoon , Hussain led ) in Punjab , Pakistan . The airport services the city of Lahore .
Madrid is part of the Community of Madrid in Spain and is the location of the company ENAIRE who are the operators of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport in San Sebastián de los Reyes .
Tirstrup , the location of Aarhus airport , is located in the Central Denmark region which is part of the country of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken .
An ethnic group of Poland is the Kashubians .
The Acura TLX has a V6 engine and was assembled in Marysville , Ohio .
Aleksandra Kovac ’ s birth place is the Socialist Republic of Serbia .
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas , Philippines . Sago and banana are main ingredients .
An ingredient in a bacon sandwhich is brown sauce and bacon sandwiches are popular in the U . K .
200 Public Square has a floor area of 111484 square metres . It is in Cleveland which is part of Cuyahoga County , Ohio , in the United States .
The powering of the A - Rosa Luna is the " 2xMTU 16V 2000 M60 engine " .
1001 Gaussia was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky .
Aaron Deer performs indie rock music . The guitar is involved in indie rock and the style orginated from garage rock music and new wave music .
Abilene Regional Airport is located 546 metres above sea level and the length of the 3rd runway is 7202 feet .
Gene Colan is the American national who created the character Ben Urich .
The comic character , Ballistic , has the alternative name , Kelvin Mao .
Anderson , Indiana , is part of Fall Creek Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in , and Robert E . Lee was a commander in , the American Civil War .
Antwerp is admin Arrondissement of Arrondissement .
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain .
The California State Assembly is located at the California State Capitol .
Bandeja paisa comes from the Paisa region of Colombia and is typical of the country ' s cuisine . It contains lemons which are members of the rutaceae family of plants .
Coming from Poland , Abradab started performing in 1994 . He is associated with the rapper Magik and played with the band Kaliber 44 .
John van den Brom has been manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for R . S . C . Anderlecht . He previously played for the Netherlands national football team .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ( Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ) played in the 2015 season and has 17000 members .
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am . J . Math . and has the impact factor of 1 . 337 .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup , in London , which is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport , Pakistan , is 2900 . 0 .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker , who played football for Bury FC .
The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine capable of producing 31 . 48 tax horsepower .
Alvis Speed 25 is a full size car with a transmission system made of a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
Atlanta , part of Fulton County in Georgia , has 3 area codes - 404 , 678 and 470 - and covers an area of 344 . 9 square kilometres . It has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area if 347 . 1 square kilometres .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which academic discipline is management and can be abbreviated to Admin . Sci . Q .
A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to Wolf Solent and was followed by Maiden Castle and Weymouth Sands which was written by John Cowper Powys .
Albennie Jones was born in the U . S . A .
Ajoblanco is a dish from Spain that contains olive oil .
Adonis Georgiadis , succeeded by Makis Voridis , was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister . Samaras , whose deputy was Evangelos Venizelos , was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield , in Frederick County , Maryland in the United States , which has Frederick as its nearest city .
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is 1 . 55 metres in width .
The headquarters of the Democratic Party ( United States ) is at South Capitol Street .
The Acura TLX , manufactured by Honda , with its Inline - four engine , is relative to the Honda Accord ( division of Honda ) .
The AZAL Arena is located in Shuvulan .
Albuquerque , in New Mexico , has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Carrie Lam is the politician who leads Hong Kong , where Baked Alaska originates .
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres .
Cornell University ( nickname Cornell Big Red ) published Administrative Science Quarterly . Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is located in Ithaca , New York .
Alligator Records is the recording label of Anders Osborne whose music is blues . Radadash Records is another one of his recording labels .
ALCO RS - 3 was made in the U . S . by the American Locomotive Co . of Schenectady , New York .
Gruppo Bertone , who designed the Abarth 1000 GT Coupe , is located in Turin . It was founded in Italy by Giovanni Bertone .
Almond is part of the Rosaceae family .
The president is the leader of the United States , the country where Anaheim is located . With a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres , Anaheim is a city in Orange County , part of the Greater Los Angeles area , in California .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . Alan was a crew member of Apollo 14 where he served as a Test pilot at the Apollo 14 . Alan died in California .
Aenir is a book that has 233 pages .
Spacewatch discovered 410777 2009 FD on June 27 , 2015 . It ' s periapsis is 88234300000 . 0 .
Hip Hop music has its origins in Funk and lends itself to drum and bass with a sub genre of Gangsta rap . Abradab is a hip hop musician .
Abilene is located in Texas , United States and one of the country ' s ethnic groups are the Native Americans .
There are around 10000 undergraduate students at the Acharya Institute of Technology .
Auron , a comic character whose full name is Lambien , was created by Marv Wolfman and Walt Simonson .
AFC Fylde has the full name " Association Football Club Fylde " , they are based at Bryning Lane and have 3180 members .
Indiana is located within the United States and Anderson is part of Indiana while Indianapolis is the capital . Anderson , Indiana is led by the Democratic Party of the US and their headquarter is on South Capitol Street .
One of Adam Maher ' s clubs , is PSV Eindhoven which is managed by , Phillip Cocu . Another one is , AZ Alkmaar , the ground of which , is AFAS Stadion .
Americans inhabit the U . S .
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo , in the country of Uruguay , the leader of which , is Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez .
Adam Koc , who fought in World War One , was awarded Poland ' s Cross of Valour and also the Order of Polonia Restituta .
Bakewell Tart ( or pudding ) is a dish that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader . Fruit preserves ( jam ) are an ingredient .
Putrajaya is the capital of Malaysia .
110 million dollars is the cost to build 250 Delaware Avenue , with its 12 floors and 30843 . 8 square metres .
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked in the House of Representatives in the Netherlands .
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc . who provide the power for AIDAluna owned by AIDA Cruises in Germany .
A Glastonbuy Romance is published by The Bodley Head .
Anders Osborne is a blues artist who signed to Alligator Records which is located in Chicago . He also signed to Rabadash Records music label .
Carroll County Maryland is southeast of Adams County , Pennsylvania . With Franklin County to the west , Cumberland County to the north and Frederick County to the southwest , Adams County is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which was established in 2000 .
Chameleon Circuit member Alex Day has collaborated with artist Charlie McDonnell .
Bhajji originates from India , it includes gram flour and vegetables and can also be written as Bhaji or bajji .
Bananaman was first aired on 10 / 03 / 1983 and starred Graeme Garden .
Atlas II comes from the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group .
Akeem Priestley represented the Jamaica national football team .
A Long Long Way is published by Viking Press from the United States , parent company Penguin Random House .
Ajoblanco is from Spain where the currency is the Euro and the leaders are Susana Diaz and Felipe VI .
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA - 3 launchpad , which is operated by Arianespace . The ELA - 3 is located at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou , French Guiana .
1971 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which is made on the assembly line in Port Melbourne , Victoria .
Auburn is part of King County , Washington , in the U . S .
101 Helena , with an absolute magnitude of 8 . 33 , was discovered by the Canadian James Craig Watson , who studied at the University of Michigan and died in Madison , Wisconsin .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War , both written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol , his club is US Citta di Palermo . The manager of U . S . Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini which are in the Serie A League .
Luciano Spalletti is in the A . S . Roma club .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . Romania ' s leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest . Its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its patron Saint is Andrew the Apostle . The anthem of Romania is Desteapta - te , romane !
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo , Uruguay which is led by Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and Tabaré Vázquez .
The leader of Jamaica is Patrick Allen .
The Ataturk Monument in Turkey , designed by Pietro Canonica , was inaugurated on the 1932 - 07 - 27 .
The Siomay dish has variations including Batagor and Shumai .
Located in the United States , 205 Delaware Avenue , construction of which began in January 2014 , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and is made up of 12 floors .
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that stars Maya Rudolph .
Alison O ' Donnell has been signed to the Stanyan Records label .
The Aston Martin V8 , DBS and V irage are all related vehicles and are made by Aston Martin .
Adam Koc participated in battles during the Polish – Soviet War and was awarded the Legion of Honour and the Cross of Valour ( Poland ) .
Ann Arbor is located in Washtenaw County , Michigan in the United States of America .
Country music originated from blues music .
A music genre for Allen Forrest is acoustic .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , which is part of the Central Denmark region . Danes is the name given to the people who live in Denmark .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London , England , has 34 floors , is in the Parliament of the United Kingdom and has a leader called Boris Johnson .
Bolt ( Larry Bolatinsky ) is a comic character which was created by both Dan Mishkin and U . S . national Paris Cullins .
Mario Botta is dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio where there is an academic staff of 100 .
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk .
The anthem of Canada is O Canada .
Albennie Jones is a solo singer who plays the Blues .
Elliot See was a test pilot who was born on July 23 , 1927 , died in St . Louis .
The author of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is Brandon Sanderson .
The ISBN number of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis is 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 and the authors are Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint .
Country musician Al Anderson performs with NRBQ , having previously been a member of The Wildweeds .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport with their HQ in New York . The airport is located located at Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey U . S .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is placed in the municipality of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , USA at Seminary Ridge in Adams County and is categorized as a contributing property .
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst , Austria - Hungary , and died in Austria which is led by Doris Bures .
Batchoy is a dish eaten in the Philippines . The language used there is Philippines Spanish and two of its ethnic groups are Ilocano people and Zamboangans .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press , located in the U . S . It is written in English , which is also spoken in Great Britain .
April O ' Neil was created by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird .
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who started performing in 1995 . Originally from Boston , he played with the band Twilight and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band .
Aarhus Airoprt is located in Tirstrup , Central Denmark , Denmark ( German speaking ) , led by Margrethe II of Denmark .
The AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the UK . The language of the country is English and David Cameron was the previous Prime Minister of the British people .
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972 . She is a pop music solo artist . Disco is a fusion genre related to pop .
The Akita Museum of Art is in Akita , Akita Japan .
Lewis Nockalls Cottingham is the architect of Adare Manor .
Alan Martin played for Clyde FC where Barry Ferguson is the manager . He now plays for Hamilton Academical FC based at New Douglas Park .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the Seminary Ridge , Adams County Pennsylvania USA . It was completed in 2000 and is a contributing property .
The ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company and 1418 were made . The ALCO RS - 3 has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres in length .
The colour of New Democracy in Greece is blue .
Born in Elizabeth II run Canada , was Adam McQuaid . Inuktitut is spoken in that country and Asian Canadians are one ethnic group there .
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He served as a crew member on the NASA - operated Apollo 11 mission alongside backup pilot William Anders . Another notable American is the leader Joe Biden .
The California State Senate is located at the California State Capitol .
Albany , Oregon is located within the United States which has the capital of Washington DC .
Abel Hernández was a member of youth club Peñarol and now plays for the US Citta di Palermo and the Uruguay Olympic football team . Giuseppe Iachini is the manager of the Palermo club .
Adam Koc was involved in battles in the Polish – Soviet War , where one of the commanders was , Joseph Stalin .
Alex Day was born in the United Kingdom whose capital city is London .
The launch site of the Antares rocket , which had its final flight on July 13 . 2014 , was the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Cornell University , which publishes of Administrative Science Quarterly , is affiliated with both the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and its operator is AIDA Cruises . Its top speed is 38 . 892 km / h and is 253260 . 0 millimetres long .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad , India , a country which has the leaders T S Thakur and Narendra Modi .
Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick .
Alternative rock has origins in New wave music .
Aleksandra Kovac is musically involved with Kristina Kovac .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States , where the language is English and where one of the ethnic groups is African American .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania and is primarily German .
Battle of France veteran Airey Neave , born in Knightsbridge , London , began his career 06 / 30 / 1953 and retired 03 / 30 / 1979 .
The 320 - page book , " Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians " is currently in print .
Anders Osborne , who performs blues , was signed to the Shanachie Records label . Aditionally , Anders Osborne was signed to the record label Alligator Records .
AMC Matadors are assembled in the USA .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 was built at Seminary Ridge , Gettysburg Pennsylvania USA and is a contributing property .
Before he retired in June 1981 , Alan Bean was a member of Apollo 12 .
Binignit contains coconut and sweet potato ( a member of the Solanales flowering plant order ) .
A . S . Roma ' s fullname is Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A .
The Abarth 1000 Gt is a coupe with a wheelbase of 2160mm . Production began in 1958 .
The Suburban Legends music genre is Ska .
" Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg " is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg .
Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was born in Miri , Malaysia and lives in Demak Jaya , Jalan Bako , Kuching , Sarawak , was followed in office by Abdul Rahman Ya ' kub .
American Motors was bought by Chrysler and manufactures the AMC Matador .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in India , where the leader is called T S Thakur and the people are called Indian .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in the popular Singapore dish of Beef kway teow .
Ahmet Ertegun , from Washington , D . C . , plays rhythm and blues music . Disco comes from rhythm and blues .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the capital is Washington DC . The US is where you will find Albany , which is part of Linn County in Oregon .
Caterpillar Inc was founded in California and their engine powers the AIDAluna . The owner of AIDAluna is AIDA Cruises and they ' re located in Germany .
The " Associazione Sportiva Roma S . p . A . " is the non - abbreviated name of A . S . Roma .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is president and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The AMC Matador has a hardtop .
William Anders was born on 1933 - 10 - 17 in British Hong Kong and retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
Iwan P Williams discovered 15788 1993 SB .
Bacon explosion comes from the United States which is led by Joe Biden . The capital city is Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the native Americans .
1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador which was made in Thames , New Zealand .
Neptun Werft , who built the A - Rosa Luna is located in Rostock which is situated in Germany where the people are known as Germans .
Albany , Georgia is in the United States in Dougherty County . Albany has a total area of 144 . 7 sq . km .
Agnes Kant held office in the Socialist Party of the Netherlands .
Richard J Berry is the leader of Albuquerque City Council , which leads Albuquerque , New Mexico , in the United States . The language in the country is English , and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Auburn , Lee County , Alabama is part of the United States . The U . S . capital is Washington , Dc and is home to Asian Americans .
Alison O ' Donnell is a Bodhrán player and jazz musician . Jazz derives from folk music and is the major influence on funk and Afrobeat .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a fighter pilot and then became a crew member of the Apollo 11 mission organised by NASA . He has now retired .
Albany , Oregon is located in the United States whose capital of Washington , D . C . One ethnic group in the U . S . are African Americans .
Alex Tyus was born in Jan 8 , 1988 and was drafted in 2011 where he played pro basketball for the Florida Gators in College .
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was a member of the Justicialist Party . He was in office while Juan Peron was president and was later succeeded by Issac Rojas .
Black metal musician Aaron Turner , from Massachusetts , began performing in 1995 . He has been a member of the bands Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eaters .
The rocket Antares is comparable to the United States based Delta II , which took off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17 . The Antares rocket launch site was the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport .
Barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of protein , 4 . 8 g of fat and 18 grams of carbs .
Edwin E . Aldrin Jr . ( more commonly known as Buzz ) was born on January 20th , 1930 . He graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc . D . befor becoming a fighter pilot and later a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Abraham A Ribicoff was an American from the United States , where the Native Americans are an ethnic group . He was married to Chicago born Casey Ribicoff and died in New York .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on the 15th of March , 1932 . He served as a test pilot and crew member on the Apollo 12 . Alan Bean is retired .
Netherlands born Adam Maher played for their national under 17 football team and is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club .
Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are both leaders in Indonesia , a country whose capital is Jakarta . Bakso is a traditional dish from Indonesia . It is also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries .
Washington D . C . is the origin of Ahmet Ertegun , whose genre is Rock and roll . Ahmet Ertegun has a background as a non performing personnel .
Elliot See passed away in St Louis .
Cookies and binignit are types of dessert . The latter dish can be found in the Philippines where the spoken language is known as Philippine English .
Appleton International Airport , serving the city of Appleton , can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin , USA . Little Chute , Wisconsin is part of Appleton and Greenville is part of Ellington , Wisconsin .
London , the UK capital is lead via the European Parliament along with Boris Johnson . It is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street .
Atlantic City International Airport is 23 . 0 m above sea level and is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , U . S .
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere , Finland on 2 September 1995 and plays as a centre for his club , the Florida Panthers .
Bananaman stars Graeme Garden .
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U . S . A .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java . The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java and the leader of Singapore is Tony Tan .
A900 GA was the former name of 10 Hygiea .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica which is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . has a LCCN number of 60040714 .
Appleton International Airport is in Greensville , Grand Chute , Dale Wisconsin , and serves Appleton Wisconsin .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s has 1500 members and their ground is The Mechanics . A . F . C . Blackpool ' s full name is " Association Football Club Blackpool " and they played in season 2014 .
Zamboangans are a group in the Philippines and the Igorot are an ethnic group in the Philippines . Philippine Spanish is the spoken language and one of the foods eaten in the Philippine is batchoy .
Akron Summit Assault , which has got 3000 members , was managed by Denzil Antonio .
The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel .
The United States Army , which was involved in battles in the Spanish - American War , is the army , Abner W . Sibal served in .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was constructed in 1911 on US Route 83 . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988 - 11 - 22 with the Reference Number 88002539 .
Taro is an ingredient in the Philippine dish of Binignit along with the main ingredient of sweet potato .
AZAL PFK Bakou , whose ground has a capacity of 3500 , played in the Azerbaijan Premier League , 2014 – 15 .
Rock musician Anders Osborne , who began performing in 1989 , was with the band Voice of the Wetlands All - Stars . He has worked with Tab Benoit and the musical artist Billy Iuso .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in Java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . The dish is from Singapore , where Standard Chinese is spoken .
French is the national language of France where the leaders are François Hollande and Manuel Valls . Barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in France .
Abel Caballero served when Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister and Juan Carlos I of Spain was king . Gonzalez succeeded Rodolfo Llopis .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol .
Frank de Boer is attached to the club FC Barcelona and is the manager of AFC Ajax .
The Prime Minister of Romania leads the country which has Bucharest as it ' s capital city . The Romanian anthem is " Desteapta - te romane ! " and the country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette II .
The Superleague Greece champions are Olympiacos F . C .
Bacon Explosion includes sausage and bacon .
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for is FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team . In 2014 - 15 the Torpedo club played in the Russian Premier League . The chairman of the FC Moscow is Aleksandr Tukmanov .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the U . S . Navy .
The Alfa Romeo 164 , is a 4 speed automatic , straigt four engine . It is also known as the Alfa Romeo 168 and is classified as a mid - size luxury executive car .
The building at 320 South Boston Street , formerly called the Exchange National Bank Building , is 121 . 92 metres , has 22 floors , and was completed in 1929 .
John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , England .
Auburn ( Pierce County , U . S . ) and Seattle , are both located in the state of Washington . Seattle is the largest city in the state of Washington , and the capital of the United States is Washinton . D . C .
Auburn is part of Lee County , Alabama , in the United States .
Alfredo Zitarrosa music genre is Milonga . He has a recording label in RCA Records and his background includes solo singing .
The Derbyshire Dales is part of Derbyshire .
Ahmet Ertegun died in New York City .
African Americans are an ethnic group from the United States .
Musician Andrew White , is signed to both the record labels B - Unique Records and Polydor Records , which is located in London .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s full name is " Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense " . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league , Brazil .
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen , Denmark , where Faroese is spoken . The hotel ' s tenant is Marriott International , founded in Washington , D . C . , and led by Bill Marriott .
Akeem Priestley formerly played for Sheikh Russel KC but currently for Orange County Blues FC who are managed by Oliver Wyss .
Abraham A . Ribicoff , was born in Connecticut , and died in New York City .
The total area of Akron Ohio is 161 . 54 Sq Km .
Akron , Summit County , Ohio is part of the English speaking United States . The U . S . capital is Washington , DC and is home to Native Americans .
The Galileo Affair was written in 1634 , followed in the same year by The Ram Rebellion this was followed in 1635 by The Cannon Law .
Texas is in the U . S .
Above the Veil ( OCLC number 46451790 ) is available in hardcover and written by Garth Nix .
Haputale ' s Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival architectural style but it was completed in 1931 .
Born in Manchester , Alfred Garth Jones , died in London .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Karnataka and it is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum . Its offered sport is tennis , whose governing body is the International Tennis Federation . Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west .
Weymouth Sands , written by John Cowper Powys , is a prequel to Maiden Castle and a sequel to A Glastonbury Romance .
Ayem penyet is a dish from Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group . It also originates from the region of Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp . It is in the country of Belgium , where the capital city is Brussels . The leaders of Belgium are Charles Michel ad Philippe of Belgium .
Fried chicken is one of the ingredients in the dish ' Ayam Penyet ' which comes from the region of Singapore .
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1857 - 03 - 04 and was a part of the Battle of Gettysburg . This battle was part of the American Civil War conflict where Abraham Lincoln was a commander .
Born in 1981 in Fort Campbell and from Dothan Alabama , Allen Forrest was originally a solo singer who performed pop .
New York City born ( in Staten Island ) , Albert Jennings Fountain died in the United States , on 1896 - 02 - 01 , in the New Mexico Territory .
The Vietnamese are an ethnic group within Japan which is led by Shinzo Abe . Japan ' s Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid and Saranac Lake , New York . Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown , New York and is located in the United States .
Alex Plante was born in Canada in 1989 .
The 17068 . 8 millimetre V12 diesel - electric ALCO RS - 3 was built by the American Locomotive Company between May 1950 and August 1956 .
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in both the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom . Two of the plane the U . S . A . F . has are the Lockheed AC - 130 ( an attack aircraft ) and the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules ( a transport aircraft ) .
Joe Biden is one of the leaders of the United States .
Al Anderson is a member of the band NRBQ that performs rock music , which has its stylistic origins in the Blues .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is 512 pages long .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny whose base is in Grozny and is managed by Rashid Rakhimov . He also plays for the Alania Vladikavkaz club .
Anders Osborne is signed to the Rabadash Records label .
Sri Lanka ' s leader is called Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Leaders in Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn . Addis Ababa City Hall is in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia and the language spoken there is Amharic .
Alderney uses the English language .
Adam McQuaid was born on the 12th of October 1986 .
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom , it often is served with brown sauce and variations are BLT and the club sandwich .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written prior to " Ring of Fire II " .
Indie rock musician Aaron Deer is a solo singer and guitarist . Indie rock has its origins in New Wave and garage rock .
Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 Dodge which has a V8 engine .
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base , located in Lompoc , California , and originated from the U . S . Washington D . C . is the capital city of the United States and one of its ethnic groups is African Americans .
USA born Al Anderson began his musical career in 1966 . He plays with the band NRBQ and once performed with the Wildweeds .
Alex Plante was born in Canada , which is led by Elizabeth II . English language is spoken in Canada , the national anthem of which , is O Canada .
Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow . The dish originated in Singapore and is found in Indonesia .
Akeem Ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and played for the St . Louis Rams .
The Alhambra , built by the Samuda Brothers , is powered by a Humphrys , Tennant and Dykes engine and belongs to the P & O transporting company located in London .
The bacon sandwich ( of which bread is an ingredient ) is a variation of the BLT , which itself is a variation on the club sandwich . The bacon sandwich originated in the United Kingdom , where Elizabeth II is the head of state .
The A Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock , Germany . The country is led by Joachim Gauck and the inhabitants are known as Germans .
A - Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
Cleveland is in the United States .
UK Conservative Party and Magdalene College in Cambridge alum Adam Holloway was a Grenadier Guard . He was born in Faversham and started his career 05 / 05 / 2005 .
Mendrisio is the location of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio which was established in 1996 . The name of the Dean is Mario Botta and there is an academic staff of 100 and 600 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark and it was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " .
Anaheim is a city in Orange County , California , in the United States , where the leader is the president .
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Kolin and plays for both SC Wiener Neustadt and the Austria national football team .
Defender Alessio Romagnoli ' s former football clubs include the Serie A side U . C . Sampdoria and A . C . Milan , the latter of which is managed by Siniša Mihajlović .
Uruguay born and Candombe style solo singer Alfredo Zitarrosa is signed with Odeon Records .
Abilene is part of Taylor County in Texas , in the United States .
The Delta II , which is comparable with the rocket Antares , is from the United States and was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Rock guitarist Anders Osborne is on the Alligator records label and is associated with artist Johnny Sansone . Bhangra is a fusion of Rock .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from both Hong Kong and France .
Aaron S . Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg .
Rolando Maran ( born : Italy ) plays for Carrarese Clacio and manages Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems , or ACM Trans . Inf . Syst . , has a CODEN code ATISET and an LCCN number of 89646863 .
107 Camilla was discovered on November 17th 1868 by N . R . Pogson who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai .
St . Louis is part of the French first republic .
The Andrews County Airport ' s runway length is 929 .
The Atlas II ( from the United States ) and manufactured by Lockheed Martin was launched at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 3 .
Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago , Illinois , United States . 300 North LaSalle is located in the city and has 60 floors .
The President is the leader of the United States which is where 1634 The Ram Rebellion was written . Additionally , Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States .
Barry Ferguson is the manager of Clyde F . C . which calls its ground , Broadwood Stadium . Alan Martin , a footballer for the Clyde FC club , used to play football for Hamilton Academical F . C .
Jose Sanchez and the New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque , New Mexico in the United States . Native Americans call the english speaking U . S home .
Bananaman first aired on the 3rd of October 1983 , and starred Bill Oddie .
The Fiat Croma , Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma are all cars and as such , are related means of transport .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , United States , the country where you will find an ethnic group called Native Americans .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonnica , and can be found in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara .
Alpena County Regional Airport , which serves Alpena , is located in the Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan . The airport has a runway named 7 / 25 , which is 1533 metres long and located 210 metres above sea level .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region in Spain also Chicharron is a dish from Spain , one of it ' s ingredients of Bandeja Paisa is Chicharron .
Albert B . White was born 09 / 22 / 1856 .
Almonds are from the Rosaceae family and are an ingredient in ajoblanco .
Alan Bean graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was hired by NASA in 1963 and served as a test pilot . Apollo 12 ' s backup pilot was Alfred Worden and was commanded by David Scott .
300 North LaSalle is in Illinois which is a state in the United States .
Attica is part of the state of Indiana , in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C .
AEK Athens F . C . is in the Superleague of Greece ( previous champions : Olympiacos ) , and their home ground is The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
Although , Alfred Garth Jones ' birth ( 1872 ) place is Manchester , England , UK ; he died in Sidcup .
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community , Spain . The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig and Spaniards are the name of the country ' s people .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 and was a fighter pilot . He retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
Alessio Romagnoli , who is connected to UC Sampdoria , plays for the club A . C . Milan . Part of the Serie A league , A . C . Milan , is managed by , Siniša Mihajlović .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University , which was established in 1928 , is affiliated with the European University Association .
The A - Rosa Luna which is 125 . 8 metres long has a 2 x MTU 16V 2000 M60 engine .
Aaron Turner is a black metal singer and a member of the Lotus Eaters Band . He also performs for Mamiffer . Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
William Anders was a Fighter pilot .
Aaron Turner plays ambient guitar music .
New York City is the largest city in the United States but the capital is Washington DC . The country is also the location of Atlantic City which is part of Atlantic County in New Jersey .
Poaceae is of the Poales order , and Monocotyledon class . It belongs to the flowering plants and the runway at Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is made from Poaceae .
Aaron Turner , who plays electric guitar , performs the genre Ambient music .
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Kuching .
The home ground of A . C . Chievo Verona is Stadio Marc ' Antonio Bentegodi .
Akeem Ayers debuted for the Tennessee Titans and his team is the LA based , Los Angeles Rams .
Akeem Dent made his debut for Atlanta based Atlanta Falcons , owned by Arthur Blank . Dent later played for the team Houston Texans , of Texas .
Seattle is the largest city in King County Washington .
Akeem Dent ' s club is the Houston Texans .
The Alan B . Miller Hall , designed by the architect Robert A . M . Stern , is located in Williamsburg , Virginia , and owned by the College of William and Mary .
Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce . It comes from Lazio in Italy .
Caterpillar Inc . of Peoria , Illinois includes key figure Douglas R Oberhelman and powers AIDAluna .
Amdra is a rhythm and blues singer who began her career in 2000 .
Vermont ' s 3rd Congressional District representative was born in Vermont ( largest city : Burlington ) and died in Sycamore , Illinois . He retired 03 / 03 / 1857 .
Cornell University , New York , affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
The demonym for natives of the United kingdom is British people .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians originates from the United States , where Joe Biden is a leader . It is written in English , also spoken in Great Britain . The US includes many White Americans .
Adisham Hall is located at St Benedict ' s Monastery , Adisham , Haputale , Sri Lanka . Work on Adisham Hall , in the architectural style of " Tudor and Jacobean " , began in 1927 and finished in 1931 .
Al Anderson plays rock music for the NRBQ band . Rock came from country music which came from blues music . Bhangra music is a fusion of rock music . The banjo is played with country music .
Rear Admiral , Alberto Teisaire , was born in Mendoza in Agentina , and succeeded by , Isaac Rojas .
Asser Levy Public Baths are in Brooklyn , New York City ( part of New Netherland ) .
The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita , Akita Prefecture .
The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where its local name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634 : The Baltic War .
Hull City AFC player Abel Hernandez has represented the Uruguay national football team .
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle that was completed in 2009 which is located in Illinois .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
VfL Wolfsburg ' s manager is Dieter Hecking .
Albuquerque is in New Mexico , in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans . The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque and John Sánchez is one of the leaders .
Carroll County Maryland is located southeast and Cumberland County just to the north of Adams County , Pennsylvania which is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument . The monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
Julia Morgan born in San Francisco was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference . One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is the Asilomar State Beach .
Appleton International airport is located in Greenville , and serves the city of Appleton , both of which are in Wisconsin . Greenville is part of both Ellington and Clayton ( Winnebago County ) both of which are also in Wisconsin in the United States .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield which is located in Frederick County , Maryland .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan where the Japanese are the main ethnic group . The Museum is situated in Akita , Akita which is part of Akita Prefecture .
Dead Man ' s Plack , made of rock , is in England , where the established religion in England is The Church of England .
Atlas II originates from the United States which has Washington D . C . as its capital .
Appleton is served by Appleton International Airport located in Greenville , part of Ellington and Kimberly , Wisconsin , United States .
Containing noodles , the dish Bakso is made in China and is popular in the Indonesian region and also in the neighbouring Southeast Asian countries .
Albennie Jones who was born in the United States is a solo singer and a Jazz musician .
Binignit originates from the Visayas region of the Philippines . Its main ingredients are sweet potato and banana .
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville , Wisconsin it serves Appleton , it ' s runway length is 2439 units and it is 280 metres above sea level .
The Addiction journal ( abbreviated to Addiction ) was published by Wiley Blackwell . It has an ISSN number of 0965 - 2140 and an LCCN number of 93645978 .
Alessio Romagnoli has previously played for AS Roma and UC Sampdoria .
Beef kway teow is known to come from the Singapore region and also Indonesia . It ' s main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Aaron Deer performs Psychedelia music .
The 3Arena , located in Dublin ( which is part of Leinster ) , is owned by Live Nation Entertainment . Críona Ní Dhálaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin .
Afonso Pena International Airport , located in Sao Jose dos Pinhais , is 911 meters above sea level and is operated by Infraero .
Christian Panucci has been manager of A S Livorno Calcio .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Atlas ii originates from the US which is led by the President and has the capital city of Washington DC . The country ' s inhabitants are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of Native Americans .
American Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He received a Bachelor of Science degree at the University of Texas at Austin in 1955 , and worked as a test pilot . He was a crew member on the Apollo 12 flight mission before his retirement in June 1981 .
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II .
Anaheim is part of Orange County , California , united States .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States ; where Washington D . C . , is the capital and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
The asteroid called ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 and a periapsis of 29919600000 . 0 . With the epoch date , July 14th 2004 , ( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an escape velocity of 0 and a density of 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre .
The United Kingdom is home to the bacon sandwich which has the main ingredients bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . A variation of the bacon sandwich , which is also known as bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin is the BLT .
It has 5300 members , and the full name of A . S . Gubbio 1910 , is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl .
The AIDAluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino has a staff of 100 and a student population of 600 . The dean is Mario Botta .
The comic character Asterix is sometimes called " Astérix " and was created by Albert Uderzo and the French national , Rene Goscinny .
Potter County , Texas is located within the United States .